
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/information-survey-takers/ : Thank you for your feedback!Are you trying to complete a survey that was created with the Qualtrics software, and aren’t sure what to do next? This page will help you with everything you need to know.Qualtrics is a site where people can build all kinds of surveys, from simple forms to randomized studies.Qualtrics does not create the surveys itself – it merely provides the tools needed to create them. Therefore, we are not liable for compensating survey takers, or for fixing any issues the survey design might have: that falls to the person who created the survey and sent it to you.Learn how to contact a survey’s creator in the Contacting the Survey Creator section below!Sometimes when you try to go forward in a survey, you won’t be able to.If a message appears on the screen, read it carefully, follow the directions, and try again. For example, in the image above, you would write “30,” not “thirty.”Sometimes when you enter a survey, you’ll see a message like this:This means the survey is no longer available. You’ll have to find a different study to complete. If an email or advertisement implied the survey should still be open, then contact the survey creator to let them know.Sometimes a survey will end sooner than you expected it to. If you answered some questions about your age, race, gender, income, or other demographic information and then ended the survey, chances are you were screened out. That means you’re not part of the target group of people the survey creator wants to study.Usually you will get a message explaining that you have been screened out, but sometimes you will get a generic thank you for your participation. If you have questions about being screened out, contact the survey creator.Sometimes you’ll enter the wrong answer by mistake.First, look for a back button:If there’s no back button or you already submitted the response, contact the survey owner. They can help you retake your response.Sometimes you may see a window that says, “It looks like you may have entered some sensitive information in a question. Would you like to continue?” (Or you may see a different message, but with a similar meaning.)This message appears because the survey has sensed you are entering private, sensitive, or otherwise identifying information into a field. The survey’s creator wants to protect you from giving information that violates your right to privacy, and so is warning you before you submit your response.Seeing this message means the survey has not recorded your data yet, so don’t worry! You can still change your response before you finish your survey!To remove or edit what you’ve written, click Modify Answers. The survey will show you what question you entered sensitive information into, and tell you what information might have triggered the warning.If your company uses Qualtrics for Employee Experience projects, then you will likely be invited to participate in these surveys. This section contains information for participants invited to Employee Engagement, Employee Lifecycle, Ad Hoc Employee Research, or 360 projects.Note that EX participants have accounts with Qualtrics, meaning you can contact our support team by logging into your account in the Customer Success Hub.When you receive an invite to participate in a 360 evaluation, you will be instructed to log into the Participant Portal. The Participant Portal also contains any reports that you have access to.For more information about the Participant Portal, check out this support page.If you have trouble completing a 360 assessment that you’ve been invited to participate in, contact the survey owner and alert them of the issue.Employee Engagement, Employee Lifecycle, and Ad Hoc Employee Research projects usually don’t require you to login to take them. They operate using a standard Qualtrics link. If you have trouble completing one of these surveys that you’ve been invited to, contact the survey owner and alert them of the issue.Once an EX project has run its course, the project owner will distribute dashboards for employees to look at results. You are able to login to the dashboard using your participant account credentials. More information about accessing dashboards as a dashboard viewer can be found on this support page.Unless you are building a Qualtrics survey yourself, you should only contact Qualtrics Support if you suspect a survey creator of malicious activity. For more information, see our section When Can I Contact Qualtrics Support? Instead, all questions or concerns you have should go to the survey creator. Because we host millions of surveys, we cannot identify which one you are working on, or make changes to it without the creator’s consent. The best thing to do is let the survey owner know about the issue so, if needed, they can then contact us directly about the issue.If you received an email inviting you to the survey, reply to the invitation with your concerns.If you did not receive an email or have received no reply after responding to the survey invitation, try to see if there is a company other than Qualtrics mentioned in the survey. You can search for this company’s support phone number so you can talk to their representatives directly.You should only contact Qualtrics about a survey if you suspect the survey owner is performing malicious activity. We want to know if one of our clients is using our platform for malicious activity so that we can stop them as soon as possible. Your safety and comfort is a priority to us.Malicious activity includes:This does not include:If there are technical issues, please contact the survey creator first, as Qualtrics Support cannot troubleshoot technical difficulties without the survey creator contacting us first.If you found evidence of malicious activity and need to contact Qualtrics Support, you can do so by going to the Customer Success Hub and selecting Can’t login or don’t have an account?We understand that there may be scenarios we didn’t cover where you need to contact the survey creator. However, it would still be necessary to contact the company through their customer service number or website. Qualtrics Support is unable to accommodate requests for direct contact. Our recommendation is always to reach out to the survey creator through their customer service number or website rather than through Qualtrics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/my-projects/my-projects-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Projects page is a one-stop shop listing all the XM projects you have created and those that have been shared with you. The Projects page can be accessed in 2 ways:The Projects page lets you do the following:Before creating a project, you must understand the different types of projects available to you. When you create a project in Qualtrics, you have several options for Project type. Each Qualtrics software solution has its own unique strengths, so the project type helps determine which software you can use.Not only can you sort projects by type, but you can filter by them. See more under Organizing, Viewing, Searching, & Sorting Projects.A typical project consists of a survey, a distribution record, responses, and reports. You can start with any project type available to you. For simplicity’s sake, we’ll start with a survey.New projects are created on the Catalog page. But you can also easily start from Home or the Projects page itself. Below, we’ll show you what this looks like on the Projects page.Go to the Creating a Project page for step-by-step examples of how to create new projects using any of these options.The Projects page displays practical, at-a-glance information to help you organize, view, monitor, track, and sort through your projects. For example:On the far-right of every project name you’ll see 3 dots that open the project actions dropdown menu, which will greatly facilitate your navigation of that project. From here you can activate, rename, copy, edit, translate, and delete your projects, and more.Go to the Organizing & Viewing Your Projects page for step-by-step examples of how to get the most value and power out of the Projects page. On this page you will go through:Collaborating on projects is as easy as clicking Collaborate from the project actions dropdown menu.If your account has the proper permissions, you can collaborate with:To begin collaborating, enter a colleague’s email address in the Collaborate popup menu.You determine the security level of the projects you share. You can designate full or limited access.For example, translators may be limited to “Edit” permissions only while their “Activate/Deactivate” and “Distribute” permissions are disabled.When people invite you to collaborate, their projects will show up in your Projects page. There is even a folder called Shared with me to help you find these projects quickly.Navigate to the Collaborating on a Project page for step-by-step examples of how to collaborate on projects.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/survey-module/survey-module-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!Surveys are created and edited in the survey builder.From the Projects page, open the Survey tab in any one of three ways:As the Survey tab opens, you’ll the see the survey builder’s most prominent features:All survey questions are created, edited, and stored inside blocks. Every survey includes at least one block initially called the “Default Question Block.”4 elements appear in every block:Blocks are best understood with a couple of examples:Let’s look a little deeper:For simple surveys, placing all of your questions in a single block is just fine. But as surveys become more intricate, organizing questions into multiple blocks allows the application of a sophisticated survey flow, including branches, randomization, authentication, and embedded data.Visit the Displaying Blocks page to learn how to take full advantage of blocks in building sophisticated survey flows.Initially, a default multiple-choice question will be inserted into your “Default Question Block.” This ensures that your block has at least one question to start with.You’ll write questions, edit question text, and apply text formatting in the question editing area.Participants will see your questions in the order they appear the survey builder, regardless of numerical order in which you created the questions. Read the Auto-Number Questions page if you wish to re-number your questions, but that’s not typically necessary.When you first click Create Project, a multiple choice question is inserted into your first question block by default. However, you might want to change it to another type or style of question. Use the question editing pane to choose among more than a dozen question types (e.g., multiple choice, rank order, heat map, NPS, graphic slider, among many others).To change question types:You can also use the editing pane to apply specific formatting options available for each unique question type (e.g., suggested choices, vertical or horizontal positioning, force response, etc.).Let’s demonstrate how these commands work with the matrix table question type:Since there are more than a dozen different question types with a multiplicity of editing pane options for each, you’ll want to explore each of these more in the Creating Questions and Question Types support pages.The toolbar along the left manages your survey’s design options, security settings, and logic structures (i.e., survey flow). The toolbar along the top also lets you preview, publish, and search your survey.The Survey flow section gives a block-level view of your survey and details the order in which blocks are displayed to your respondents. From here you can customize where respondents go in your survey, what they see, and what they don’t see.You can perform simple tasks like rearranging blocks, or you can add elements like branch logic that directs and personalizes your respondents’ survey experience.By selecting Add Below or Add a New Element Here in the Survey Flow, you can continue to customize your respondent’s path through your survey by adding randomization, authenticators, web services, or new branch logic.Your survey’s look and feel must hit the mark. It has been proven again and again that clear, good-looking surveys get better response rates.The Look & Feel menu opens settings that will help you design your survey, like choosing a theme, fonts, colors, and headers. Here you can apply your institution’s logos and color schemes.You can also set a variety of survey experience choices, such as displaying a progress bar or having questions highlight upon selection.Survey options presents a list of general settings that affect your respondents’ survey experience. These settings include a command to add a back button to your survey, display a custom end of survey message, include question numbers for respondents to see, quotas, translations, scoring, and more.You can also set security settings for your survey. For example, you can stop respondents from taking a survey more than once, or add password protection to the survey. You can customize general settings too, such as changing a survey’s language.
The Tools dropdown menu contains a variety of advanced survey features. These features include options like auto-number questions, managing reusable choices, and more.Tools also contains specific survey building aids, like stripping formatting, generating sample responses for testing your surveys and exporting your survey to other formats.The preview feature lets you view and experience your survey just as your respondents will. This preview provides both computer screen and mobile device preview options.Previewing is essential. Think of the preview option as a debugging tool that helps you find all the potential mistakes, logic errors, and readability issues you may have missed when you were creating your survey.The search tool allows you to find questions and blocks quickly. Just enter a word, or even a part of a word, and the survey will be filtered accordingly. Click the search button, then type in the field that appears.The search tool can also search for questions by their text, question number (e.g., Q3 or Q17), and internal IDs.Sometimes, banners will appear across the top of the survey builder to tell you something important. We cover some of the most common here.If you see a yellow banner that states, “You are making edits to this survey. Changes won’t be live until you publish,” see the Publishing support page on how to push your edits live.If you have invited other users to collaborate on your survey, you want to make sure you aren’t making edits at the same time that could cancel each other out. For example, if you’re changing the wording of your survey’s introduction at the same time your colleague is, her edits might override yours.The banner will read, “Multiple people are editing this survey and you might impact each other’s changes.” It will also tell you how many users are in the survey at the same time, and when you hover over Currently Editing, you can see their names.The banner is updated as users enter or exit the survey. Entering the same survey from the same account in multiple tabs will not activate this banner.If your survey exceeds 10MB, you will get a warning in red at the top of the survey builder. It reads: “This survey file size is getting too large and could cause performance problems. Consider making changes to reduce its size.”This warning will not prevent you from making more edits. It is meant to caution you against making a survey too large.If you see a red banner that warns, “This survey does not meet web accessibility standards,” see the Requiring Accessible Surveys support page.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Rolling Calculations in Widg...Rolling calculations are a means of applying a metric over a set of data points composed of multiple periods. Options include rolling averages and rolling metrics.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/setting-up-actions/ : Thank you for your feedback!Workflows allow you to trigger tasks based on various events. Examples include creating a ticket when someone opts-out of your XM Directory, sending a follow-up email to a customer after a low satisfaction score. For both the inciting event and the resulting task, you have a lot of options, most of which are inside the Qualtrics platform and some of which are outside.You can create workflows in two different places: in the Workflows tab of a project or in the the stand-alone Workflows page. The Workflows tab is available in survey, Engagement, Lifecycle, Ad Hoc Employee Research, and 360 project types. Unless the triggering event of your workflow relates directly to a survey, we recommend creating a stand-alone workflow.You can create workflows in multiple places in Qualtrics. Workflows function the same no matter where they are created. This section will cover how to access the different product areas where you can create a workflow.This section will go over how to create a workflow inside a survey and what the different components (events, conditions, and tasks) mean. While functionality is similar, the look and feel of workflow creation might differ on the stand-alone Workflows page.When you create a workflow, you indicate the event that should trigger it, the more specific conditions under which that workflow occurs (if needed), and then define the task that is executed as a result.For example, I want to send an email to the managers every time a customer reports a low CSAT. I also want to create a ticket when this happens, so our support team can address it.We collect CSAT in a survey – that means the event is the creation of a survey response.We only care if there’s a low CSAT, so the condition is something like, if the response to the CSAT question is 3 or lower, or if “highly dissatisfied” is selected. (This can differ, based on your organization’s benchmarks.)What task happens as a result of these kinds of survey responses? We send an email task to the managers and use a ticket task to make a new ticket for a support rep.Workflows can be scheduled, or they can be tied to a specific event. Scheduled workflows are useful when you want a task to occur on a regular basis. Events are most useful if you want to base a task on something specific happening in Qualtrics – e.g., sending an email or making a ticket based on how a respondent filled out a survey. In that example, the survey submission would be the event, and the email or the ticket would be the task carried out.Scheduled workflows allow you to create workflows that run at a specific time. You can set your workflow to run on a recurring basis, and you can choose when the workflow begins and ends.To create a scheduled workflow, select Started at a specific time (scheduled) when creating your workflow.
Then choose your desired schedule frequency. This can be daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, or annually. 
The next step will depend on your workflow’s frequency:Next, type in or click the drop-down to select the start time for your workflow.
If you would like the workflow to run multiple times on the same day, click Add a start time.
Next, select which time zone you want the workflow to run on. By default, the account’s time zone will be selected.
Then, choose when you want the workflow to start and stop running. By default, scheduled workflows will start running immediately after being activated and only stop running when deactivated. However, you can choose a start date and end date for your scheduled workflow instead.
Rather than waiting for a scheduled workflow to fire, you can trigger it with the click of a button. In the workflow editor, you can immediately cause a workflow to fire during the testing process.“Events” occur in Qualtrics (or other places) and cause a workflow to start. To create an event-based workflow, click Create a workflow, and select Started when an event is received.Many events can be used to start a workflow. The selected event will determine what kinds of conditions can be applied to the workflow. You can use the search bar at the top of the window to easily search available events. The events available to you will depend on your license and project. See below for a brief explanation of each event type.The events listed below are available to use in both the survey Workflows tab and the stand-alone Workflows page.The following events are only available when setting up an event-based workflow through the stand-alone Workflows page.When creating an event-based workflow, you can add conditions to determine more specifically when the workflow should fire. For example, you may not want to send an email to managers about every survey response submitted, but you may want to let them know when the customer indicated low satisfaction. Conditions are built by creating logic statements that use information from the chosen event. You can include multiple condition blocks in a workflow. When the workflow runs, the workflow conditions and tasks will be evaluated in the order they appear in the workflow editor. Thus, the initial condition must be passed before being evaluated for the next condition. As soon as a condition is not met, the workflow will not continue evaluating following conditions.To walk through the process of creating conditions for a workflow, complete the step-by-step below.You can add up to 20 tasks per workflow to follow-up on your research and survey responses. Each task type is capable of solving an array of problems. You can use the search bar at the top to of the task selector to search your available tasks. For a full list of tasks, check out the Tasks category in the Workflows section of support site. The below tasks can be used across the Qualtrics platform.ETL Workflows use data extracting and loading tasks to import data from a third-party source and import into Qualtrics. ETL workflows require you to use certain tasks with each other to complete your workflow. See Using Workflows Tasks to Build ETL Workflows for more information.Every workflow can have up to 20 tasks. The order that these tasks occur is important, depending on the needs of your workflow.Initially, the order of tasks matches the order in which they are created. The newest task is added to the end of the workflow. When an existing task is edited, it is also moved to the end of the workflow.The workflow also pays attention to what needs to happen first for a task to execute successfully. For example, if you are piping a field from a ticket you’ve created into an email task, the ticket creation task will happen first, followed by the email where the value is included, regardless of what order you created these tasks.As tasks are created, they are assigned IDs in the format T-ID-#. The ID of a task is set to the order in which it was created.The ID of a task never changes, and is merely an internal ID to help identify a task. It does not necessarily reflect the order in which a task will be triggered compared to other tasks in the same workflow.You can pipe information from one task into a following task. One of the fields you can pipe in is a ticket ID from a task where a ticket is created (for example, Zendesk, Freshdesk, or Jira). This value can be carried into any task that follows, such as an email task or even a Jira field.Example: I want to create a ticket in Freshdesk, and then pipe the ticket ID into an email that goes to my customer service representative to let them know a ticket has been made in their name. I make sure to set up the Freshdesk ticket task before the email task.Now when I customize my email task, I have the option to pipe the ticket ID into the email body.When selecting piped text from a preceding task, take note of the task ID (T-ID-#). This determines which task you’re pulling information from.The Qualtrics Workflows platform contains a series of tasks to assist in importing data from third-party destinations into Qualtrics or exporting data from Qualtrics to third-party destinations. These tasks follow the Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) framework. Using ETL tasks, you can create automated and scheduled workflows to bring data from third-party sources into Qualtrics as well as export data from Qualtrics to third-party destinations.The order of tasks in a workflow is important when using workflow tasks to set up ETL workflows. See the linked support page for more guidance on this specific use case.The calculate metric task in Workflows allows you to trigger a response to aggregate metrics observed in a dataset over a period of time. In other words, it provides a way to set up automated workflows based on trends or events you observe in experience data. The results of your calculate metric task can be used to trigger other tasks within your workflow.The order of tasks in a workflow is important when calculating aggregate metrics. See the linked support page for more guidance on this specific use case.While editing a workflow, a toolbar will appear at the top to help you navigate every aspect of your workflow.
When creating a new workflow, you will have the option to use a Qualtrics template. These are pre-configured workflows designed to make setting up useful workflows easy. Workflow templates are created by our Qualtrics subject matter experts to leverage industry standards for workflow automations.Below are a few example templates. This is not an exhaustive list of available templates. Log into the platform to begin exploring all of the options available to you.All workflows in your project are listed in the Your workflows section. From here, you can search workflows by specific properties, disable and enable workflows, and copy and delete workflows.
The table shown in this section displays key information about your workflows:
The top of the Your workflows section has a search bar and filters for searching workflows.
You can edit, rename, copy, delete, and manage notifications for a given workflow.You can enable, disable, or delete workflows in bulk.By navigating to the Run history section of the Workflows tab, you can quickly ascertain the status of all your workflows or filter them by status, so you can look at all workflows that have competed, failed, or timed out. Once you click on a failed task, you’ll see more details that can help you troubleshoot the source of the issue.Note that there are two different Run history tabs: one on the main workflow page, and one when you are editing a specific workflow. The Run history tab on the main workflow page aggregates all workflow run data within your project. To view the Run history for a single workflow, click into the workflow and navigate to the Run history tab within that workflow.For more information on using this section, see Workflows Run and Revision Histories.While editing a workflow, you can go to the Revision history tab to see a log of every change that has been made to your workflow.
For more information about using revision history, see Workflows Run & Revision Histories.The Settings tab allows you to set up alerts for when a specific workflow fails or succeeds, and allows you to delay when your workflows start to accommodate for holidays and other downtime.See Workflow Notifications and Workflow Settings for more information.
The Sharing and permissions tab allows you to manage who has access to your workflow.For more information on sharing workflows with other users, see Sharing Workflows.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Rolling Calculations in Widg...Rolling calculations are a means of applying a metric over a set of data points composed of multiple periods. Options include rolling averages and rolling metrics.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/survey-response-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!Have you ever wanted to generate a lead in Salesforce when respondents take your survey? Or would you like to be notified when responses are updated via the Qualtrics API? Maybe you want to receive emails about responses uploaded via the Offline App but not submitted via the anonymous link. All of these use cases and more are possible using the survey response event.The survey response event allows you to trigger different tasks when new responses are collected or existing responses are updated.
The following response types can be used to define a survey response event:
If your survey is translated into multiple languages, you can specify which language to process response data in. This option is useful if you need your responses to be in a certain language for sending the data to a third-party system using the same workflow. This option also lets you pipe text in a language other than the survey’s default language.Under Select what language to receive response data in, choose between the following:Example: Let’s say we distribute a survey in both English and French. In the same workflow as our survey response event, we have an email task to send an email. We want to pipe in the respondent’s answers (bolded in the example images) into the email. What appears in the email depends on what we choose for this option.Conditional statements apply All or Any to define when a task should be triggered. In “all” conditions, every condition listed below must be met. It is similar to joining statements by “and.” In “any” conditions, any of the conditions can be met, but not all have to be. It is similar to joining statements by “or.”The conditions you set for a survey response event can be based off of various pieces of information about the response.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/actions-in-global-navigation/ : Thank you for your feedback!The global workflows page provides a centralized hub for you to view information about all of your workflows, such as your workflows’ run statuses and where they’re located in your account. To navigate to the global workflows page, click the navigation menu in the top left corner and select Workflows. You can also create a workflow that is not associated with a specific project by clicking the Create a workflow button that appears on the global Workflows page.The workflows dashboard gives you insight into key metrics about all workflows across your account. This dashboard shows you all workflows you have access to, including workflows you’ve created yourself and workflows that have been shared with you.At the top of the dashboard, you will see the following performance metrics:You can change the time period for these metrics by using the Show executions in the past dropdown. The selected time period is saved for your account, meaning that if you navigate away from global workflows and then come back, your time period selection will be saved.The Workflows in projects section displays all the workflows you have that are associated with a project (i.e., the workflow was created in the “Workflows” tab of the project). In this table, you can:The Stand-alone workflows section displays workflows that are not linked to a project. The table in this section functions the same as the “workflows in projects” table. See the above section for more details.You can view all of your stand-alone workflows using 2 different options:After choosing one of these options, you will be directed to a page that lists all stand-alone workflows you have access to. You can select a workflow to edit it and view more information about the workflow.For more information on building and managing workflows, see Workflows Basic Overview.Creating & Editing Ques...Creating and editing questions in a 360 survey works the same way as it does in the Survey Platform. The main difference is that there are fewer question types available for 360 surveys than there are for standard Qualtrics surveys. Visit the Question Types page for more information on the available question types.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticket-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!Have you ever wished you could get an email when someone makes a sub-ticket on one of your tickets? Maybe you want your colleagues to receive an email if you change the priority of their ticket to high. Or maybe you want to know right away if a ticket’s been deleted.Ticket events allow you to set different tasks into motion (such as emails, Salesforce triggers, or Slack messages) when something happens to a ticket in Qualtrics.The following can be used to define a Ticket event:Conditional statements apply All or Any to drive filtering criteria. In “all” conditions, every condition listed below must be met. It is similar to joining statements by “and.” In “any” conditions, any of the conditions can be met, but not all have to be. It is similar to joining statements by “or.”Example: In this example, only one of the two conditions has to be met for the workflow to the triggered.The conditions you set for a ticket event can be based off of various ticketing features and workflows.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/survey-definition-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!Survey Definition Events allow you to trigger Workflows based on changes to a project’s status. You can base your event on a survey being published, activated, or closed.Usually, you will want to include conditions as part of your workflow. If you do not include conditions, then the workflow will trigger for any status change for any survey in your brand. When creating conditions for a survey definition event, you can base your conditions on the following fields:Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Idea Screening XM SolutionThe Idea Screening XM Solution allows you to screen a set of ideas to discover which ideas resonate the most with your respondents. This solution targets early-stage innovation efforts to help you understand which ideas and product lines have the most potential before investing further in their development.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/servicenow-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!The ServiceNow event allows you to begin workflows in Qualtrics based on when a record is updated or inserted in ServiceNow. For example, an IT ticket is closed which updates a record in ServiceNow, beginning a workflow in Qualtrics to send a feedback survey to the employee who filed the original ticket.Attention: In order to set up a new ServiceNow event, you must have sufficient ServiceNow permissions set up. Otherwise, when saving the event, you will receive an error message (sys_rest_message, sys_rest_message_headers, sys_rest_message_fn, and/or sys_script), and the event will not be created. You will need permissions to both read and write within ServiceNow tables. Please contact your ServiceNow administrator if you are unsure whether you have these permissions or require additional permissions to set up a Qualtrics ServiceNow event.Attention: The creator of the workflow must have access to the ServiceNow credentials used in the ServiceNow task for the workflow to run properly.When using a ServiceNow event to start your workflow, you can base your workflow conditions on the following:
Sometimes, you may want to create additional ServiceNow administrators within Qualtrics. By granting Qualtrics users additional permissions, you can allow them to help run the ServiceNow instance at your organization.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/json-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!Have you ever wanted a request made on your website to trigger a ticket in Qualtrics? Have you ever wanted to create a seamless integration between Qualtrics and your own internal system? Have you ever wanted to trigger a task in the Workflows tab, but with an event that happens outside of Qualtrics?JSON events allow external software to start workflows via HTTP request. Instead of waiting for an event in Qualtrics to trigger further action in the platform, you can simply configure a JSON event to receive requests from a third party.The JSON event is not compatible with the following set-ups and configurations:You can authenticate by passing your API token through the header of the request as X-API-TOKEN.Example: In the following POST example, in cURL we specify the Base URL, the Content-Type, and the Token in the header. The Survey ID and format of export are specified in the body.Basic Auth is usually a Base64 encoded version of username:password. However, for improved security, Qualtrics uses a Base64 encoded string of username:x-api-token.To use Basic Auth, you must set headers on the HTTP request. The specific header is Authorization.Example: Let’s say your Qualtrics username is demo@qualtrics.com and your API Token is f8gIK7G6GFH985Y4. First you’d write,Then after Base64 encoding, this would appear as,So the Authorization header you add to your HTTP request would have the value Basic ZGVtb0BxdWFsdHJpY3MuY29tOmY4Z0lLN0c2R0ZIOTg1WTQ=.Qtip: Click on your JSON event to change the parameters and JSON fields. When you are creating an external API event, you may need to parse data from the post body. However, it can be difficult at times to parse this data. If you want to figure out what your external API is sending, follow these steps.The table below gives some of the basics of JSONPath Syntax. Note that these are not established by Qualtrics, but are standards used with JSON.In this example, we will show you how, given a JSON object, the JSONPath table can be used.This is our JSON object:Now, we should add the return values we see in the JSONPath table to make it more clear.The example below is a basic template you can follow when formatting your Event Data.The JSON Event can be used to integrate with Freshdesk as a Webhook rule in the Dispatch’r. That means events in Freshdesk can then trigger tasks in Qualtrics, such as the creation of a ticket, or the distribution of a survey.The JSON Event can be used to integrate with ServiceNow. That means events in ServiceNow can then trigger tasks in Qualtrics, such as the creation of a ticket, or the distribution of a survey.Example: This is an example of the final code you would include in this field. Most of this code is the outbound message provided by ServiceNow and will vary from example to example. Unfortunately, Qualtrics Support cannot help you with any custom coding; if you have issues with your code, please reach out to ServiceNow’s community for assistance.The bolded part of the code includes three additional functions not included in the original code: a JSON body that pulls the User ID and incident state, and a call that retrieves the email address of the incident customer so they can be sent the CSAT (italicized below). See ServiceNow’s documentation and consult their community if you have additional questions.The JSON Event makes it so events in Microsoft Dynamics can then trigger tasks in Qualtrics, such as the creation of a ticket, or the distribution of a survey. For example, whenever you delete an account record in Microsoft, you can distribute a Qualtrics survey to the account owner that asks exit questions. (e.g., We’re sorry to see you go! How was your time with us? How can we improve?)In order to integrate the JSON Event with actions that occur in Microsoft Dynamics, you actually need to do the set up inside Microsoft Flow instead of Dynamics. Don’t worry – Microsoft Flow comes free with every Microsoft Dynamics account, so you can log into Flow with your Dynamics information here.Using JSON events, you can integrate with Genesys PureCloud to send customers a follow-up survey after completing a support phone or chat interaction.Example: For example, the below code will pass email address, phone number, first name, and last name.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/salesforce-workflow-rule-event/ : Thank you for your feedback!In the Workflows tab, you can set up an event so that you automatically send surveys when Flow conditions are met in Salesforce. The Flow conditions might be an event such as a case being closed, or an opportunity that is won. Then, using this event, you can trigger an email inviting respondents to take a survey.See our page on Triggering and Emailing Surveys to learn how to set this feature up in both Qualtrics and Salesforce.After setting up the event with conditions, you’ll need to choose the task that completes the workflow. Usually, this is either the XM Directory task to send a survey, or the email task to send a follow-up email. See the linked pages for more information about each task.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Creating Action Plans (EX)Qtip: If you click the dots in the upper-right of the action plan, you can copy, delete, or export the action plan.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/xm-directory-funnel-event/ : Thank you for your feedback!The XM Directory Event App is used to start workflows based on events that happen in your XM Directory. This includes when a contact opts in or out of your directory, or when an email or other supported distribution bounces. For the XM Directory funnel event to trigger, you must add at least one condition to your workflow. These conditions work like other logic conditions in the Qualtrics platform. For general guidelines for building conditions, see the below pages:When creating conditions for the XM Directory funnel event, you can base your conditions off the following fields:In addition to the above fields, you’ll be able to create conditions based on any additional fields enabled in your XM Directory Respondent Funnel.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/events/experience-id-segments-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!As contacts are added to or removed from your segments, you can automatically set off different tasks, such as sending notifications (such as emails or Slack messages), creating tickets (in Qualtrics, Freshdesk, or elsewhere), and much, much more. You can also set workflows when a contact opts into or out of a segment.Before you set up workflows based on segments, you need to create a segment. See XM Directory Segments for detailed steps.Example: Think carefully about what you want to use your segments for and the information available to you. For example, you could create a segment called “At-Risk Customers” that looks for customers who have had 5 support calls in the past 30 days. You can use transactional data to identify the number of support calls.When a new contact is added to this “At-Risk Customers” segment, you can then create tasks for your team. For example, create a Zendesk ticket asking that your team to call the customer as part of a recovery campaign.Now you’ll add a task to your workflow called “Get XM Directory Contact Details.” This step is technically optional, but it can be extremely important if you want to do one or both of the following:This step is optional, but can help you narrow down the scenarios where your workflow begins.For more information on workflow conditions, see Creating Conditions.Now it’s time to decide what you want to happen when a segment’s membership changes. Are you sending an email? Creating a ticket? Something else? Browse the support site to learn more about the different tasks available for your workflow.Make sure you add your task after the Get XM Directory Contact Details task and after the conditions, if you have them.Qtip: When you’re finished creating your workflow and ready for it to start, make sure it is enabled.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/events/dataset-record-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!The data set event enables you to start a workflow based on changes to your dataset, such as new records being added or existing records being updated.You can base your workflow conditions on fields from your dataset, allowing you to trigger the workflow only for record updates you are interested in. See Creating Conditions for a general overview of building workflow conditions.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/events/experience-id-change-event/ : Thank you for your feedback!When contacts are added, updated. deleted, or transactions are created, you can automatically set off different tasks, such as sending notifications (such as emails or Slack messages), creating tickets (in Qualtrics, Freshdesk, or elsewhere), and much, much more.After setting up your Experience ID Change Event, follow these steps to configure the event for contact data changes. The event can be set off by contact data being added, updated, or deleted.After setting up your Experience ID Change Event, follow these steps to configure the event for transaction data changes. The event will be set off by transaction data being created.Conditional statements apply All or Any to define when a task should be triggered. In “all” conditions, every condition listed below must be met. It is similar to joining statements by “and.” In “any” conditions, any of the conditions can be met, but not all have to be. It is similar to joining statements by “or.”The conditions you set for an experience id change event can be based off of various pieces of information about the contact.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/tickets-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticketing is a way to assign ownership of a task to an individual or role so you can take quick action. Tickets tasks let you create tickets based on previous events. Once you create a ticket, you can manage your tickets through the Follow-up page.Adding follow-up details to your ticket task allows ticket owners to answer additional questions on the ticket. You may use multiple choice or text entry questions in your follow-up details. You can use the answers to follow-up details as conditions in an update ticket task.When editing your ticket task, click Add Question in the Follow-up Details section and select which question type you’d like to use. The sections below explain how to manage each question type.Once a text entry question has been added to your follow-up details, you can edit the following fields. Note that these fields can be edited in any order.
Once a multiple choice question has been added to your follow-up details, you can edit the following fields. Note that these fields can be edited in any order.
When editing your follow-up details, you can delete a question or any question choice by clicking the minus ( – ) button next to the question text.
Additional questions can be added by clicking the Add Question button below your existing question(s).When you edit your ticket follow-up details, you may impact your ticket reporting dataset. Continue reading about how different edits will impact your dataset.This change does not have negative implications for ticket reporting. None of the existing responses will be impacted. Responses after the addition / deletion will simply be in the new range of possible answers.This change impacts your ticket reporting dataset. Rephrasing a follow-up question is the equivalent of creating a new one. None of the existing responses will be affected; however the new phrasing will need to be mapped as a new field in ticket reporting as it is considered a new field. All future responses to the new phrasing will appear in the newly mapped field, and none will go to the old field.This does not have negative implications for ticket reporting. None of the existing responses will be impacted. After the deletion, no new responses can be collected for the old field.When you are setting up a ticketing task, you are allowed to add additional information to the ticket called ticket data. These fields can be customized however you like, pulling in survey responses, embedded data values, and much more.However, this feature is not just for adding additional information to a ticket. You can also use ticket data to assign tickets simultaneously to an individual and a team (rather than just one or the other) and to link similar responses together for quick access on your tickets. You can also use the ticket data as conditions in an update ticket task.After you create your ticket data, you can change the order that ticket data appears on a ticket, hide certain fields so they don’t appear to the ticket owner, or remove the ticket data altogether.When a ticket is created, ticket data is displayed in two columns of data.When you reorder ticket data during ticket creation, use this table to understand what it’ll look like on the final ticket:You can change these details even after your tickets are created. Just go back to your Workflows tab and click the ticket task to edit your ticket data. However, be careful: certain edits to ticket data may have unexpected consequences for tickets. Below we walk through the different edits you can take on ticket data fields.Tickets are usually assigned to just one user or team at a time. However, it is possible to assign tickets to users or teams based on embedded data that you set in the survey flow. This way, you can build a series of dynamic conditions in the survey flow to assign tickets.You can use ticket data to link related responses together. After more than one response triggers a ticket with the same Related Response Field and Value, you will be able to view these related responses on the follow-up page.When tickets are created through this workflow, then the tickets with matching Q_RelatedResponseField and Q_RelatedResponseFieldValue Ticket Data will be linked. To see this, navigate to your follow-up page by clicking View all tickets on the Home page.Click to expand the ticket you wish to view related responses for, and click Show Full Record.Click Show Related Responses.You will now be able to click to expand all responses related to this ticket.You have the option to set a default email address to contact when you click Send Email on a ticket. You can even make this email address dynamic, changing based on what a respondent says in the survey. Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Workflows Basic OverviewWorkflows allow you to trigger tasks based on various events. Examples include creating a ticket when someone opts-out of your XM Directory, sending a follow-up email to a customer after a low satisfaction score. For both the inciting event and the resulting task, you have a lot of options, most of which are inside the Qualtrics platform and some of which are outside.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/update-ticket-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can set up a workflow that will automatically update a ticket in Qualtrics, so long as you have a ticket key to identify the specific ticket you want to change.This feature is only available for use by Brand Administrators, CX Administrators, or those with Qualtrics Ticket Admin permission enabled.Qtip: The ticket key is an ID that is usually found at the top of every ticket. It is formatted T-1234.Ticket data changes are recorded in the ticket’s activity.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/email-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!Email tasks let you send an email notification in response to a variety of events in Qualtrics. The most common example is to send out an email to a person or group of people every time a survey response is submitted.The email task is a great alternative to email triggers, and has the following improvements over triggers:When creating an email task, you have the option to select Include Response Report. Response reports are a summary of the questions and the respondent’s answers. They come in the body of the email, in a linked webpage, and in a PDF export.Instead of enabling “Include Response Report,” you can add a link to the single response report in your email task by using the following piped text. This allows you to control where the response report link appears in your message.${​srr://SingleResponseReportLink}Additionally, you can add the following parameters to customize your response report link.You can combine these parameters into 1 link. The first parameter should have a question mark ( ? ) in front of it. Join all of the following parameters with an ampersand ( & ).Example: If I want to include all 3 parameters in the link, it would look like this:${srr://SingleResponseReportLink?ttl=60&edata=none&password=test123}As an extra security measure, you can set when the response report link will expire. This only affects the webpage and the PDF export, not the body of the email. This expiration can be determined by hours, days, or months from the email task being sent.Qtip: If you select Never for the expiration, you will receive a warning. If you decide you never want response reports to expire, you should make sure your survey does not request any sensitive data from the respondent.Determine the language of the response report. This allows you to compose different email tasks for different respondents by language; using Q_Language and corresponding language codes, you can set the conditions under which email tasks with translated message bodies and specified response report languages are sent out.The response report can contain the embedded data that is saved with the response. You can choose to include all embedded data, only the embedded data defined in your survey flow, or no embedded data.When response reports are enabled in an email task, they will appear in three formats:Response reports come with three headers of information: Recipient Data, Response Summary, and Embedded Data.Recipient Data contains information such as the date the survey response was completed, IP Address, internal Response ID, and the URL to view the Response Report. The Response Summary contains all questions in the survey and their answers. Finally, Embedded Data contains all the embedded data you set in your Survey Flow, in addition to several default fields.Qtip: By default, all answers to all questions and all embedded data are included in a response report. However, our Engineering Services team can create custom response reports to fit your organization’s needs. Contact your Account Executive if you’re interested in this solution.For a more manual solution, consider using piped text in an email task. This will require building reports from scratch, which will not have the PDF export or live link.You can map a response report link to Salesforce so it appears on record pages. To map a response report link to Salesforce, see Mapping a Response Report Link.
All types of survey responses can cause email tasks to be sent under certain conditions.This section has links to additional resources that can help you troubleshoot issues related to email tasks.Sometimes it can be hard to decide how or when to use a feature until you know how other users have used it successfully in the past. Below, we have a list of common use cases that include email tasks.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/xm-directory-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The XM Directory task allows you to save contact information and transactional data to your XM Directory. It also allows you to distribute a survey to individual recipients or contact lists from your XM Directory. This task is useful for sending follow-up surveys to respondents who’ve entered contact information in your survey as well as updating existing information for contacts already in your XM Directory.The XM Directory task allows you to add attributes such as contact information and transactional data to contact entries in your XM Directory. The following section walks through how to configure this task.When distributing your survey with the XM Directory task, you can choose to send your survey to an individual contact or an entire contact list. Your chosen contact list can be static, or can dynamically change based on selected criteria. This section explains the different distribution types and their use cases.
The Individual option is useful if you:Below you’ll find an explanation of each field available when distributing through the Individual method.
When configuring the fields for your Individual distribution type, you may want to have the recipient of your distribution to be dynamic. To create dynamic distributions that send to different recipients, you’ll use piped text to enter their contact information. The piped text menu is available by clicking the {a} icon in the field’s box.
The Contact List option will distribute to an entire contact list of your choosing. Use the dropdown menu to select the desired list.
Make sure all the contacts you’d like to reach are in one list, or you will need to make multiple XM Directory tasks.The Dynamic Contact List option is used when you are distributing to a contact list, but need to be able to dynamically change what contact list receives the survey. To use this option, you need to make sure that the desired contact list’s library ID and mailing list ID are accessible to the task.When using this option, you need to provide two IDs:To capture values for these fields, click the piped text icon, {a}, and select the field that contains this information.The XM Directory task can be used to distribute surveys via email to respondents. The following section walks through how to set up this task.The XM Directory task can be used to send survey invitations via SMS to respondents. This sends respondents a survey link via SMS that opens your survey in their mobile browser. The following section walks through how to set up this task.Survey invitations sent through this method do not expire. The links will remain valid until: your survey expires, you manually pause response collection, or you close your survey.The XM Directory task can be used to send 2-Way SMS surveys to respondents. The respondent takes the survey by responding to survey questions sent to them via SMS. This section walks through how to set up this task.For SMS interactive surveys, or “2-way SMS” to work, you have to build a compatible survey. Learn more about what features you can use in the Survey Design section of the SMS Distributions support page.Example: You may have a contact list that contains some entries without a phone number. To exclude contacts without a phone number from your SMS survey, create a condition for the task to fire only when the Embedded Data field Phone is not empty.Note that respondents are given 48 hours to respond to 2-way SMS. After 48 hours, if a respondent tries to respond to the initial text, they will receive the message, “You are not currently taking a survey,” and the response will not be saved, nor will the respondent be able to progress through the rest of the survey.The XM Directory task allows you to update the transaction data of a contact. Transactions are saved in the contact’s transactional data.When using the XM Directory task, you can distribute to a specific transaction of a contact. This means if the value of a field is overwritten before the respondent can take the survey, the respondent will still see the initial value of the field as opposed to the updated version. See the sections on sending emails, sending SMS surveys, or sending 2-way SMS surveys for information about how to set up your survey distribution using this task.Example: Let’s run through the following scenario as an example of using transactional data.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/notifications-feed-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The notifications feed is a hub of information in your Qualtrics brand. Notifications can be sent here for any of the users you want, and you can customize notifications based on survey responses or other event behavior.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/single-instance-incentives/ : Thank you for your feedback!Incentives are a great way to increase respondent engagement and improve response rates. As the name suggests, single-instance incentives are only set up for one survey at a time. They allow you to reward your respondents for participating in your survey.Currently, you can add incentives to your survey by integrating with:BHN Rewards (formerly known as Rybbon) helps you reward your survey takers with incentives. To use the Qualtrics-Rybbon integration, select the Rybbon Rewards task when setting up your workflow. You can click the question mark icon on the task to view support documentation and contact information for getting help.For more information on setting up the Qualtrics-Rybbon integration, see this Rybbon support page.The Tango Card with Rewards Genius is a great way to create incentives for your respondents. However, before you set this up in Qualtrics, there are a few steps you have to take in Tango. Go to Tango’s Qualtrics Integration page for more information.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.MaxDiff TURF SimulatorThe MaxDiff TURF simulator allows you to simulate how respondents would react to different packages. To learn more about TURF, how it is calculated, and how best to use this data, see the TURF Analysis support page.
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/code-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The code task lets you use custom JavaScript to perform data manipulation, formatting, and calculation operations before or after other tasks in a workflow. For example, you can use the code task to transform an API call’s return output into a more user-friendly result (say, you needed to communicate the result to your non-technical manager). You can then pipe that transformed result into an email task which sends an email to your manager.When writing your JavaScript code to include in the code task, please be aware of the following execution limits:If your JavaScript code exceeds these limits, then the code task will fail. If your workflow fails, head over to Workflows Reporting for more information about why your workflow failed.When writing your JavaScript, follow the below best practices:Example: In this example, we return multiple results:Example: In this example, we return a single result:Example: For example, code such as the one below would need quotes:This example walks through using a code task with a web service task. You can use a code task with a web service task to transform a respondent’s survey response into API-friendly code, and then use the returned values to perform an API call. You can then take the results of the API call, and use another code task to transform the returned values into a human-friendly response.In this example, we are building a restaurant finder in Qualtrics. We’ll dive into the specifics a bit more later, but below is an overview of how we’ll accomplish this.Example: Our fully built URL isThis contains two parameters: sort_by and location. For sort_by, the value is the result of our first code task. For location, the value is the  respondent’s answer to the text entry question.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-extractor-tasks/extract-data-from-qualtrics-file-service-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Qualtrics File Service is a secure and isolated file store API where you can upload files. Using workflows, you can process data you’ve stored in the Qualtrics File service for use elsewhere in Qualtrics. For example, you can store company contacts to the Qualtrics File Service, then regularly import them to your directory.You may need to work with your IT or Software Engineering team to integrate with the Qualtrics File Service. To use the Qualtrics File Service, call the unique HTTPS that appears while you are setting up the task. Then follow the instructions on the Qualtrics File Service support page.Before you get started extracting data from the Qualtrics File Service, take the following considerations into account:Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Importing Data as a CX Dashb...Sometimes, you may want to create dashboards for datasets you built in Excel, or pull data from another software for reporting in Qualtrics. You can do this using an imported data project.Export Unique Links in XM Di...Instead of emailing contacts from XM Directory, you can also create a spreadsheet of links for a single contact or for each contact in a mailing list, sample, or segment. Personal links like these allow you to distribute your survey using a method outside of Qualtrics.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/extract-data-from-sftp-files-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Extract data from SFTP files task allows you to import data from your SFTP server to use in Qualtrics. You can combine this task with other tasks, such as the Load data to XM Directory task, to import data into the Account Management Command Center and other places in Qualtrics.Before you can use the Extract data from SFTP Files Task, you must connect an SFTP account for Qualtrics to extract the data from. Accounts may be added by Brand Administrators for other users in the brand to use, or by individual users for their personal use.There are two different authentication options:Qtip: When setting up an SFTP connection, we recommend your IT team Allowlist the Qualtrics IP Ranges. Use the following IP Ranges to Allowlist: If you are a Brand Administrator, follow the steps in this section to add an SFTP account for some or all users in your license to use.Follow the steps in this section to add an SFTP account for your personal use. Only you will be able to use the account that you connect.Example: Depending on the path you enter, potential pickup directories could be:Qtip: If all your data is being imported as one column, you are using the wrong delimiter. The below screenshot demonstrates what this looks like in the task window.Below are example files for how to structure your data for import, depending on the type of data you want to import. Click on a file name to download the example file.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Exporting Response Data (360...The Export Data feature is used to download raw response data for use beyond the 360 platform. Exported data files allow you to view how each participant answered each question in a survey, and also include survey metadata (e.g., Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.).Exporting Response Data (EX)The Export Data feature is used to download raw response data for use beyond the Qualtrics platform. Exported data files allow you to view how each participant answered each question in a survey, and also include survey metadata (e.g., Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.) and participant metadata.Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-extractor-tasks/extract-data-from-salesforce-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Extract Data from Salesforce task imports data from your Salesforce instance to use in Qualtrics. Once the data is imported into Qualtrics, use a data loader task to save the data in your desired area on the platform.There are two extract data from Salesforce tasks:Qualtrics provides a sandbox version of this task so you can test and perfect your workflows before executing them with real customer data. Check out this Salesforce support page to learn more about sandbox environments.While this section focuses on the production version of the task, the steps are the same for the sandbox version.After extracting data from Salesforce, you must tell Qualtrics where to save the data with a data loader task. See Available Loader Tasks for more information.If your workflow fails to complete, head over to reporting & history to get more information about the failure. This section covers common errors and their resolution for the extract data from Salesforce task.The credentials used with the task are invalid and need to be re-entered. To fix this issue, edit the task that failed and choose another valid credential or add a new one.The list used in the task is not accessible to the user or has been deleted. To fix this issue, edit the task that failed and select the object that has an invalid list. Then, choose a new list to use.The {{listviewId}} field in the error message contains the list’s ID in Salesforce and the {{sObjectName}} field is the object’s name in Salesforce.The object used with the task is not accessible to the user or has been deleted. To fix this issue, edit the task that failed, remove the invalid object, and save the task.The {{sObjectName}} field in the error message contains the object’s name in Salesforce.The field used in the task is not accessible to the user or has been deleted. To fix this issue, edit the task that failed, remove the invalid field, and save the task.The {{fieldName}} field in the error message contains the field’s name in Salesforce and the {{sObjectId}} field is the object’s ID in Salesforce.If this error occurs, please contact Qualtrics support.If this error occurs, please contact Qualtrics support.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-extractor-tasks/extract-data-from-google-drive-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can import data from your Google Drive account to Qualtrics so it can then be used to automatically add XM Directory users, employees, or CX Dashboard users. Depending on your needs, this import can be done on a scheduled basis, or even just one time.This feature is available to any Qualtrics customer with access to Workflows and a Google Drive account.Before you get started importing data from Google Drive to Qualtrics, take into account the following considerations:Before you can use the Extract data from Google Drive task, you must connect a Google Drive account for Qualtrics to extract data from. Accounts may be added by Brand Administrators for other users in the brand to use, or by individual users for their personal use.The connection for the Extract data from Google Drive task is separate from the connections for other Google extensions, such as Google Calendar and Google Sheets.If you are a Brand Administrator, you can add a Google Drive account for some or all users in your license to use.For more on managing which users have access to this account, see Determining Who Can Use an Extension Account.Follow the steps in this section to add a Google Drive account for your personal use. Only you will be able to use the account that you connect.Once you have finished setting up your Google Drive task, you can set conditions based on the data extracted. This allows you to be specific about what happens next in your workflow.The following is a list of types of conditions you can add to a workflow after an “Extract data from Google Drive” task.You can then specify an exact number or a range (greater than, less than, etc.). For example, you can say that files will only be uploaded to the CX directory if there are less than 100 rows.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-extractor-tasks/import-salesforce-report-data-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Import Salesforce Report data task allows you to import data from a Salesforce report into Qualtrics. Once the data is imported into Qualtrics, use a data loader task to save the data in your desired area on the platform.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Preparing Your Participant F...When importing participants into your Employee Engagement project, there are a few important things to keep in mind. For example, every import will need the following columns:Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Importing Evaluators from th...In addition to importing evaluators to your 360 project from a CSV or through manual import, you have the option to import evaluators directly from the directory. Importing evaluators from the global directory is useful when:Export Unique Links in XM Di...Instead of emailing contacts from XM Directory, you can also create a spreadsheet of links for a single contact or for each contact in a mailing list, sample, or segment. Personal links like these allow you to distribute your survey using a method outside of Qualtrics.Exporting Raw MaxDiff DataThe Reports tab of a MaxDiff project gives you many helpful graphs to help you decide what to do with the results of your MaxDiff analysis. However, you can also use this tab to export raw data from your MaxDiff analysis.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-extractor-tasks/extract-responses-from-a-survey-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can create a workflow that automatically uploads your Qualtrics survey data to a location of your choice, either on a regular basis, or whenever a response is submitted to the survey. This makes it easier to send your data where it needs to go, without having to manually export and import it over and over again.These kinds of workflows are made using an ETL data extractor task called “Extract responses from survey.” Every time you extract data from your surveys, you then have to choose a destination using an ETL data loader task.Once you save your data extractor task, you’ll return to your workflow. Next, you’ll add another task to your workflow that allows you to upload the extracted data somewhere. For example, you can upload the survey data to an SFTP server.A list of all data upload tasks can be found on Available Loader Tasks.Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Translate CommentsWe often want to reach as wide an audience as possible. But if the members of our research team don’t speak multiple languages, this can limit our ability to analyze feedback provided in foreign languages. Translate Comments will make analyzing participant feedback easier by allowing you to translate text responses.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Text Entry QuestionText entry questions allow you to collect open-ended responses from your respondents.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/load-data-into-xm-directory-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Load B2B account data into XM Directory task allows you to map data imported into Qualtrics to your XM Directory. For example, you can use an Extract data from SFTP files task to import data into Qualtrics and then map that data to your directory.You can map individual field values to save into Qualtrics. You have the option of mapping fields manually, or uploading a file containing your mappings. Additionally, you can determine what happens to unmapped fields.To start mapping field values, click Map Values under the desired field.
You have the option of uploading a CSV or TSV file containing your mapping. This is recommended if you have many values to map. If you have already mapped some values, uploading a file will not replace those mappings. Your newly added mappings will be added beneath the already mapped values.You can manually map field values. This is recommended only if you have a few values to map.By default, if a field value is not mapped, then the field will be imported into Qualtrics using its source value. However, you can choose to map all unmapped values to a default field value.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Idea Screening XM SolutionThe Idea Screening XM Solution allows you to screen a set of ideas to discover which ideas resonate the most with your respondents. This solution targets early-stage innovation efforts to help you understand which ideas and product lines have the most potential before investing further in their development.Viewing & Analyzing Emp...Once your data model has been created, either from scratch or with a guided workflow, you will be able to view and analyze the resulting output dataset. Using Text iQ, Stats iQ, and Dashboards, you can gather insights, understand correlations, and drive other descriptive analysis between different projects in an EX program.Display LogicThis section walks through using display logic to conditionally display a question based on the respondent’s previous answers.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/add-contacts-and-transactions-to-xmd-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Add Contacts and Transactions to XMD task allows you to map data imported into Qualtrics to your XM Directory. For example, you can use an Extract data from SFTP files task to import data into Qualtrics and then map that data to your directory.This task is similar to the Load B2B account data into XM Directory task, but it allows you to map both contact data and transactional data to XM Directory.Qtip: When mapping transaction date fields during the set-up of your task, transaction dates are the dates a transaction occurred. Dates will be assumed to be in UTC unless the time zone is explicitly included in the date value. More information on these formats can be found on the Date Format Syntax support page. Here is a list of compatible time formats:You can map individual field values to save into Qualtrics. You have the option of mapping fields manually, or uploading a file containing your mappings. Additionally, you can determine what happens to unmapped fields.To start mapping field values, click Replace all values on the left with the values on the right under the desired field.You have the option of uploading a CSV or TSV file containing your mapping. This is recommended if you have many values to map. If you have already mapped some values, uploading a file will not replace those mappings. Your newly added mappings will be added beneath the already mapped values.You can also map field values manually. This is recommended if you only have a few values to map.If a field value is not mapped, the field will be imported into Qualtrics using its source value. However, you can choose to map all unmapped values to a default field value.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.User, Group, & Division...This page details the various user permissions that you are able to enable and disable for each user, group, or division.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/load-users-into-ex-directory-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Load Users into EX Directory task is used to save your employee data to your Qualtrics employee directory. To use this task, you must first load data into Qualtrics using a data extractor task.Extract Employee Data from S...The Extract Employee Data from SuccessFactors task automates an employee data export from SuccessFactors. You can import core employee data (name, email, unique identifier), employee metadata (gender, role, department, etc), and org hierarchy data (manager, location) on a recurring schedule that you set. After your data is imported into Qualtrics, it needs to be saved using a data loader task, usually the load users into EX directory task.User, Group, & Division...This page details the various user permissions that you are able to enable and disable for each user, group, or division.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/load-users-into-cx-directory-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Load Users into CX Directory task is used to save CX user data to Qualtrics. This task allows you to keep your CX user data up-to-date on a regular basis. To use this task, you must first load data into Qualtrics using a data extractor task.When the workflow runs, your users will be imported to Qualtrics and saved in your CX user admin.This section covers common issues that can appear when setting up this task.User, Group, & Division...This page details the various user permissions that you are able to enable and disable for each user, group, or division.Extract Employee Data from S...The Extract Employee Data from SuccessFactors task automates an employee data export from SuccessFactors. You can import core employee data (name, email, unique identifier), employee metadata (gender, role, department, etc), and org hierarchy data (manager, location) on a recurring schedule that you set. After your data is imported into Qualtrics, it needs to be saved using a data loader task, usually the load users into EX directory task.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/load-into-a-data-project-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Load into a data project task allows you to take data that’s been previously imported by a data extractor task, and save that data into a Qualtrics imported data project. You can use this task to add new data records and update existing ones.Once you’ve loaded your data into an imported data project, you can analyze your data using Stats iQ or a dashboard.If you’d like to visualize your imported data project in a dashboard, see importing data as a CX dashboard source.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/load-into-a-data-set-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Load into a Data Set task allows you to take data that’s been previously imported by a data extractor task, and save that data into a Qualtrics dataset. You can use this task to add new data records or update existing ones.The Load into a Data Set task can be used for creating datasets that can be used in the Merge task. This allows you to merge your new dataset with existing datasets in Qualtrics.Customer Care: This schema allows you to load data from third-party sources into Qualtrics. The following fields are required for this schema:Custom: This option allows you define your own data schema. You can either upload a file with your mappings by clicking Choose file, or add them manually using the Add Field button.
To use this feature, you’ll first create a new scheduled workflow with a data extractor task. Then you’ll add the Load Into a Data Set task and configure it with your chosen schema. Finally, you’ll complete your workflow by mapping each field in your dataset.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/etl-workflows/data-loader-tasks/load-data-into-sftp-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!Using workflows, you can upload data to your SFTP server on a regular schedule, or automatically once another event of choice has been executed.These kinds of workflows are made using an ETL data loader task called “Load data into SFTP.” First, you must use an ETL data extractor task to pull data from a chosen location, such as a Qualtrics survey; then you can upload it to your SFTP using the data loader task.Before you can use the “Load data into SFTP” task, you must connect an SFTP account so Qualtrics can load the data to it. Accounts may be added by Brand Administrators, or by individual users for their personal use.This works exactly as it does for other SFTP-related tasks, except for one key difference: make sure that when you are adding a brand-wide plugin that you select Load data into SFTP.To connect to an SFTP account, see Connecting a SFTP Account.Before you can upload data to your SFTP, you need to extract it from someplace. Consider where your data currently lives; is it inside a survey or XM Directory? Or is it not inside Qualtrics at all, but a third party, such as Salesforce or Google Drive?Create a workflow and add a data extractor task to it. See a full list on Available Extractor Tasks.Once you’ve created a workflow and added your data extraction task, it’s time to upload the data into your SFTP.Example: Depending on the path you enter, potential drop-off directories could be:Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Data Export OptionsIn addition to choosing the file format of your data export, there are various options for customizing your data output. You can review and change your data output each time a file is downloaded by using the various export options.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/data-and-analysis-module/text-iq/text-iq-functionality/ : Thank you for your feedback!Text iQ is Qualtrics’ powerful text analysis tool. Text iQ allows you to assign topics to feedback you’ve received, perform sentiment analysis, report out on your results with dynamic widgets, and more!This page discusses spellcheck and lemmatization capabilities of Text iQ, what options are available to Basic vs. Advanced clients, and how to navigate the Text iQ interface.This section explains the differences in the features accessible to Basic versus Advanced text clients.The first time you visit Text iQ in a survey, you have to upload your data. This process must be repeated for each survey you create, even if you have previously set up Text iQ in a different survey.Use the checkboxes to select which open-ended text fields you would like to upload to Text iQ. Only questions or other compatible fields, such as a Text Variable Type Embedded Data field, will appear here.When you have finished selecting your fields, click Upload data. While the upload is in progress you won’t be able to access your dashboards or data.Additional text fields can also be added after your data is first uploaded to Text iQ. Use the Field dropdown to add fields to Text iQ.New responses will be automatically added to Text iQ as they are collected, although it may take some time before they appear in Data & Analysis or in Text iQ.Before you can start adding topics and widgets, you have to put Text iQ in editing mode. You can only see the edit button to enter edit mode after you’ve already created at least one topic. To enter editing mode, click Edit topics.Once this button changes to “Return to summary,” you are ready to start editing!There are a lot of features in Text iQ, and therefore a lot of edits you can make. You can change how feedback is tagged by topic, your sentiments, and more. However, you don’t want resulting changes to take place immediately, since waiting for each change to implement can be time consuming.If you’ve made edits, a banner will appear explaining that your changes have been saved, but not yet applied to the dataset. This means your changes aren’t reflected in any of your reports or dashboards yet.After you’re done editing, click on the Review and publish button in the upper-right.Before your changes are applied, a summary of your proposed changes will appear. You can review these before deciding to either:Once you save, Qualtrics will take care of the rest. You are free to use other parts of the site while your changes are processed.Let’s outline all the components of Text iQ.Each response comes with a sentiment score (the number in the bubble), the response itself, and a list of the topics it’s been tagged with.Lemmatization is the process of breaking words down in order to capture the base roots of the word, then identifying all derivatives and conjugations for that word in order to provide more robust results. For the Text section, lemmatization is used to ensure that your responses are tagged correctly without you having to use complicated query searches.As an example, let’s consider that we want to capture all the comments from our restaurant’s NPS® survey that mention eating and food.In other keyword search tools, you might have to develop some long query string that includes the various iterations of eat (eating, eats, etc). However, with Text, the system uses lemmatization to break all those words down to the core base word, “eat,” and then tags responses appropriately.The Text section also includes a basic spell checking system to ensure that all your responses get tagged correctly, even if the respondent has misspelled or incorrectly capitalized a word.For example, let’s look at our restaurant again. If we want a topic about cleanliness, you can bet that there will be a few misspelled words. However, the Text spell check will still capture the misspelled words and tag them, so you don’t have to worry about any responses falling through the cracks.There may be times that Text iQ asks you to update the dataset. A dataset update is different than the usual changes you make and apply in the Text iQ platform. The big difference is that dataset updates cause your dataset to reindex, which results in the temporary inability to access not only Text iQ itself, but the dataset the text responses come from. If you are using Text iQ in a survey, that means the survey’s Data & Analysis tab will be unusable until the update ends. If you are using Text iQ in a CX dashboard or employee engagement project, the dashboards will not display data until the update ends.For most users the update will take less than 30 minutes, but for datasets that include lots of responses, this process can take up to 48 hours. We provide advanced warning so you can navigate away and delay the update if desired, or follow the directions to start the dataset update.Text iQ may give you an “Update Data Set?” window if you’re visiting a question for the first time in Text iQ. This is a question (or another compatible field, such as a Text Variable Type Embedded Data field) you’ve never analyzed in Text iQ, even if you’ve used Text iQ on other questions in the same survey / dashboard before.This window may also appear if there is an issue with the way data was mapped in a dashboard – for example, if you changed a Field Type – or if you make a change that utilizes analysis features you weren’t using previously. An example of using new analysis features includes adding parent topics, or topic-level sentiments.To defer the update, click Cancel. To start the update, click Update.When you go to publish your changes, you may also get a warning that pushing changes will require a dataset update. This likely happened because you were editing topic hierarchies. For example, nesting topics under a parent topic, removing a topic from a parent, or creating a new parent topic.Click Publish to push the update. Click Cancel to return to Text iQ and make additional changes before you start the update.Text iQ-Powered Survey FlowsAs respondents provide open feedback on your survey, Qualtrics can assess the sentiment of the response, topics used in the response, and the sentiment of those particular topics. Once these calculations are made, you can use branch logic to send respondents to different paths in the survey depending on the sentiment or topics present in their response.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/data-and-analysis-module/text-iq/topics-in-text-iq/ : Thank you for your feedback!Topics are a great way of tagging your text responses in Text iQ. They help you figure out common themes in feedback, and can be used in graphs and tables in reporting.There are several ways to create topics.You can use the search function to create topics that update as you add new responses. That means you don’t have to manually tag every piece of feedback talking about your food as “food” – it’ll happen automatically!Now whenever a response with the matching search query is created, it will be tagged with this topic.Like a lot of keyword systems, Text can recognize complex logical strings built using a few simple commands.Using exact operators will match the exact terms with the maximum distance, whereas using parentheses will employ lemmatization to find qualifying results. For example, search “food price“~3 to find responses where “food” and “price” are a maximum of 3 words apart, and search (food price)~2 to include all responses where the root words “food” and “price” are a maximum of 2 words apart.Qtip: Searching ~3 would qualify results where the words were 1, 2, or 3 words apart. Searching ~1 would only qualify results where the words were 1 word apart or right next to each other.You can also find more examples in the Text section by clicking the information button next to the search bar.Qualtrics will also offer you Related Terms as you search to help you build better topics. These terms are suggested based on the English language model and frequency of co-occurrence between these terms in the data set.Qtip: Text iQ will often try to predict what you are going to type based on terms that appear in your responses together. These predictions will appear in gray. Click Tab on your keyboard to accept this spelling and prepopulate the search bar.Qualtrics will recommend topics to you based on terms that frequently appear in feedback you receive. Recommended topics are available for responses in English, French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese, Dutch, Thai, Simplified Chinese, and Korean.The search terms attached to a topic allow it to tag new responses automatically as they come in.You can delete all topics in your hierarchy, or choose certain topics to delete. When deleting topics in a hierarchy, the hierarchy will automatically move topics so that no topics are orphaned.Hover over a topic, click the three dots, and select either Edit or Delete, depending on what you want to do to the selected topic. When you edit a topic, you can rename it as well as move it in your topic hierarchy.On the menu to the left, you can:Topics can be nested within one another to create a hierarchy with up to five levels. A parent topic is a topic that includes other topics – the topics below a parent topic are referred to as its children. Similar to a family tree, descendants of a topic include its children, its children’s children and so forth. Ancestors of a topic refer to the parents of a topic, the parents of its parents and so forth. You can have a maximum of 5 levels in your topic hierarchy.Any topic, regardless of where it is in the hierarchy, can have a query. Topics will inherit the query logic of their ancestors. Using query inheritance allows for easier organization of complex topic structures.When adding a new topic, you can use the topic level options to adjust the existing topic hierarchy:You can move your topics in the hierarchy by using menu options, or dragging and dropping your topics.To move your topics using menu options:In addition, you can drag and drop topics to organize them below existing topics. Once you’ve created your topics, you can move them by clicking on the topic and dragging it to the topic you want it to fall under.You can export topics and their parents for use in other surveys’ text analyses. You can’t export topics if you have changes to be published. Publish your changes before trying to export topics.This will download a JSON file of your topics.You can import topics and their parents that you created in other surveys, or you can import topics from a starter pack created by Qualtrics XM Scientists.Once imported, your topic changes will not be automatically published to Text iQ. You can still edit your imported topics before publishing your changes.Do you want to get a jump start on Text iQ, but aren’t sure where to start with building topics? You can import pre-built topics developed by Qualtrics subject-matter experts. Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/data-and-analysis-module/text-iq/sentiment-analysis/ : Thank you for your feedback!Qualtrics will assign a Very Negative, Negative, Neutral, Positive, Very positive or Mixed sentiment to a text response as soon as it is loaded in Text iQ. This sentiment is based on the language in the response and the question text. The Text iQ model is trained on a large and diverse set of real experience data to substantially increase classification quality and minimize uncertainties when the sentiment is not expressed as strongly. Once assigned, each sentiment comes with a numeric score, called the sentiment score.Qualtrics’ sentiment analysis is constantly improving. Our analysis tool periodically runs a batch analysis on all manual corrections made by users to improve the accuracy of the model, assess improvements, and correct mistakes that Text iQ is making in sentiment identification. Data from Data Isolated brands is not included in these batch analyses.The Very Negative and Very Positive sentiment labels have been implemented to indicate the strongest sentiment, helping you to focus on the most critical feedback in each comment. These sentiment measures can be used to filter your data or be displayed in visualizations in the Reports tab.For most Text iQ analysis, the question text is not relevant to the sentiment of the answer (e.g. “Why did you give us that score?”). However, occasionally the framing of the question will imply a sentiment for the answer (e.g. “What’s 1 thing we could improve about our product?”). In these cases, Text iQ needs both the question and the answer to make an accurate prediction of sentiment. For example, if the question was, “What do you love about our company?” then unless the answer is explicitly negative (e.g. “Nothing, we hate your company”) then the sentiment of the response is probably positive, even if the answer text on its own appears neutral (e.g. “pricing”). This Sentiment Analysis update incorporates the question text, if available, in the sentiment analysis so that the predicted sentiment is as accurate as possible.This model also now takes sentiment edits into account in order to learn how to better assign sentiments in the future. However, please note that these edits do not immediately affect the sentiment assignment of projects in your account. Instead, these edits are periodically analyzed across all Qualtrics users and used to improve the sentiment analysis model as a whole.Topic Sentiment is the sentiment score of a particular topic in your text response. Responses can have multiple Topic Sentiment scores as each topic is assigned its own score. Topic sentiment is calculated by isolating the part of the response that matches your query, and determining what the sentiment of that individual part is.Overall Sentiment is the sentiment score for a given response. Every response analyzed in Text iQ will have only 1 overall sentiment score.Topic Sentiment is the sentiment score of a particular topic in your text response. Responses can have multiple Topic Sentiment scores as each topic is assigned its own score. For topics that do not have queries, topic sentiment will default to overall sentimentOverall sentiment, overall sentiment score, topic-level sentiment, and topic-level sentiment score are included in response exports. Overall sentiment is labelled just as “Sentiment” and “Sentiment-Score.” Topic-level is labelled “Topic Sentiment Label” and “Topic Sentiment Score.” Topic-level fields can have multiple values (to account for multiple topics) and are listed as Topic: Sentiment. E.g., Dessert: Negative. Topics are also included in response exports.When you select Topic Sentiment, you can specify the sentiment for each topic tagged on the response. This is especially helpful if your overall sentiment is mixed, or if the intensity of the sentiment varies for each topic the respondent covered.You will be able to select sentiment and sentiment score under each topic name.In the above screenshot, the respondent loves the food at the restaurant but believes that the staff is overworked, so we want to make sure the topic “All Food” has a positive sentiment, while the topic “Workforce” does not. The overall sentiment is mixed due to these 2 topic sentiments interacting with each other. You also have the option to add additional topic tags and sentiments directly on the response by selecting suggested topics in the top right corner or by creating your own topic with the blue plus (+) sign.In addition to labelling a comment positive, negative, mixed, or neutral, there will be a numeric value assigned to each sentiment.The Sentiment Score is a -2 to +2 score for the sentiment of a comment. For example, a very positive response such as “I love Love LOVE YOUR COMPANY!” would score a +2. A very negative response, such as, “I UTTERLY DESPISE your company!” would get a -2. A neutral comment receives a score of 0.The sentiment score can be found as a field in the Data & Analysis and in the Reports tabs. Like most text analysis variables, you will find them under the embedded data category.Over time, Qualtrics makes improvements and releases minor version updates to our sentiment model. We conduct intensive quality assurance on these updates to ensure consistent or improved sentiment prediction accuracy.When a new model version is released, it will only be used to analyze new comments in Text iQ. Comments previously analyzed by Text iQ will not be updated with the release of a new model.When applying Text iQ to copies of projects or dashboards, it is possible to see some differences in sentiment predictions for historical responses. This is because at the time the responses in the original project or dashboard were analyzed, a previous version of our sentiment model was used. In the copied project or dashboard, sentiment predictions are recalculated using our current model.Analyzing sentiment in other languages is available to all users who have Sentiment Analysis, and thus all Advanced Text clients.The Qualtrics sentiment model is a transformer-based cross-lingual model that leverages the latest deep learning technologies. Our model has been optimized for English, French, Spanish, German, Korean, Italian, Dutch, Japanese, Portuguese, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Polish, Swedish, Thai, Indonesian and Russian. Our model can make sentiment predictions for all languages, but can not guarantee the same level of quality as predictions for optimized languages.You can read more about how we developed our Sentiment Analysis model on this blog post.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/data-and-analysis-module/text-iq/widgets-in-text-iq/ : Thank you for your feedback!Widgets can illuminate your text data’s meaning in a visually pleasing way. Text iQ has several widgets available, which are detailed on this page.Bubble widgets provide a way to visualize the sentiment breakdown of each of your text topics. Bubble widgets are available in summary mode, but if you have Text iQ in your CX dashboard, the Text iQ bubble chart widget can be displayed directly in the dashboard.When topics are nested together, topics at the highest level in the hierarchy appear as bubbles instead. Click this bubble to break out the topics underneath in the graph.Once you select a topic that does not have nested topics below, you will see the terms used to build that topic. If your topic was built manually, without search queries, the graph will be blankHover over a bubble to learn more about that topic. You will be given breakdowns of total number of comments, sentiment types by percentage, and the count of each sentiment type.When topics are nested together under a parent topic, the parent topics will appear as bubbles instead. Click this bubble to break out the topics underneath in the graph.If you select a topic along the left or click a topic bubble, you will see the terms used to build that topic. If your topic was built manually, without search queries, the graph will be blank.The topic and sentiment change widgets compare how your topics and sentiment have changed over time. If you have at least two days worth of data, the widgets will show a day comparison. If you have at least two weeks of data, a week comparison will show. Similarly, with at least two months of data, the widgets will compare months. If you do not have at least two days worth of data, the widgets will not display results.To narrow down the topics included in the widget, click the View dropdown and select which level of the topic hierarchy you would like to view.The topic coverage change widget will compute what percentage of your comments are covered by each topic (across 2 time periods) and then show you the topics with the greatest absolute count change between the 2 periods. Each change will be visualized by drawing a line between the previous value and the new value on the graph with a colored circle pointing in the direction of change.In the example above, Hygiene is yellow because it is shrinking. We see this not just because of the yellow dot, but because the starting point (clear) is further right on the x-axis than the yellow dot. The x-axis represents percent of comments tagged with this topic.If a topic is selected, an area graph will show a more detailed view of the selected topic.The Top Sentiment Change widget will show changes in the mean of topic level sentiment scores across 2 time periods. Similar to the topic change widget, sentiment change is visualized by drawing lines with circles pointing in the direction of change. If a topic is selected, a bar chart is shown with a more granular view of sentiment scores within the given time period (breaking down by sentiment label).Since this widget calculates the difference between two means, only topics which have comments in both time periods will be shown.Word Clouds are widgets that appear in Summary mode. They list the 50 most frequently used words in the text responses, excluding common stop words like “the” or “a.” Words become more central, a darker font color, and bigger the more commonly they appear.Frequency is determined by the number of responses with the word in it, not the number of times the word appears in each responseYou cannot change the color of your Word Cloud.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Widgets Basic Overview (EX)Widgets are where your Dashboard’s pages come to life. Qualtrics has many different widgets that can help you view your data by survey response, key drivers, action planning, and more. For more information on specific widgets, please see the Widget Categories section.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/dashboard-settings-cx/text-analysis-cx/ : Thank you for your feedback!Sometimes a study calls for a dashboard that performs more extensive text analysis than a Word Cloud can provide. You may wish to label text responses by topic, or perform analysis on the sentiment (i.e. positive/negative slant) of a comment. With Text iQ in Dashboards, you can perform these analyses and display them in your widgets, just as you would with any other variable.Text iQ can be used in CX Dashboards, brand dashboards, and pulse dashboards. It is not available in any other EmployeeXM dashboards.There are 2 ways to find Text iQ in a dashboard. Regardless of which method you use, each will show the same text analyses you’ve conducted in the dashboard previously.The first option is to go to the settings page of your dashboard, and select the Text tab.The second option is to click the Text iQ button at the top of the page.Before you start performing text analysis, you need to make sure your text entry questions are mapped correctly.In your Dashboard Data Settings, make sure you’ve set your text entry questions to Open Text.If your dashboard has multiple sources mapped to it, it is okay to not have data mapped to the Open Text field for each of your sources.Text iQ has the same capabilities in the Survey Platform as it does in dashboards. Below is a series of links to the Survey Platform pages, complete with step-by-step instructions.When you start performing text analysis in dashboards, the topics and sentiments will map onto your dashboard automatically and be assigned the best field type for their data. These fields include:You can rename these fields as needed. You will not be able to delete them, change the field type, or change the mapping. By default, the field names include the name of the Open Text field being analyzed and the name of the specific text analytics. For example, “Movie Feedback – Sentiment.”To add your text entry question’s topics or sentiments as a source, metric or dimension in a widget, look for the question text with “- Topics” or “- Sentiment” at the end.There are also widgets made especially for text analysis performed in CX Dashboards. See Text iQ Table Widget and Text iQ Bubble Chart Widget.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creating-website-app-feedback-project/ : Thank you for your feedback!Website & App Feedback projects are a creative way to gain feedback on your website or mobile app. They allow you to display dynamic graphics on your website such as overlays, feedback buttons, embedded content, banners, and more. These graphics, called creatives, can appear all the time, or only under special circumstances, and they can link to a Qualtrics survey or to a website of your choosing. The feature that allows you to edit these conditions and links is called the intercept.Projects are how you organize your creatives and intercepts. Every project can contain more than one creative and more than one intercept. But if active creatives and intercepts are in the same project together, that usually means they’re going to be displayed on the same website.Example: Create a project for feedback buttons and popovers on your main website. Then create a separate project for feedback windows and popups that will appear on your support website.Attention: You cannot transfer ownership of the project, zones, intercepts, or creatives to another Qualtrics user once a Website & App Feedback project is created.Right after you create your project and click Get Started, you’ll be asked how you want to collect feedback. There are various options you can choose from when building your Website & App Feedback project.Deciding how to build your project is the key to getting the most out of Website & App Feedback. We recommend selecting Responsive dialog, Feedback button, Embedded Feedback, or Mobile Embedded Feedback from the bigger tiles at the top for a completely guided experience, especially if you are new to Website & App Feedback. Guided intercept authoring allows for an easy set-up for your Website & App Feedback Project. However, if you already have experience with Website & App Feedback, you can scroll down for additional options. There, you’ll be able to make standalone creatives and intercepts that can be connected together. This can be useful if you have a more complicated or specialized set-up for your project.After you select either Responsive dialog, Feedback button, or Embedded feedback, you’ll be asked to complete the following steps:This option is recommended for users who feel the Responsive Dialog or Feedback button options won’t fit their needs, and need alternate creatives such as the InfoBar or mobile app specific creatives. Note that this experience is not as guided, so you will need to create an intercept, publish changes, and deploy code according to instructions on the support site, rather than being guided in the product.You may want to start here if you’re a user who’s more experienced with Website Feedback or you have a need for additional creatives or features such as actions sets and publishing permissions. Note that this experience is not as guided, so you will need to add any additional creatives, publish changes, and deploy the code according to instructions on the support site, rather than being guided in the product.Qtip: For further guides, please see:This section will go over how to navigate a Website & App Feedback project.On the Projects page, there are additional actions you can perform with your projects.Website / App Feedback Techn...Qualtrics Website / App Feedback helps organizations measure and enhance the experience a web visitor has within their digital media. Present cool graphics on your website with links and embedded surveys to get feedback on your visitors' experience, let them know about your latest deals and promotions, and more!
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/getting-started-with-website-app-feedback/step-3-building-your-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!Now it’s time to start thinking about what kind of visual you want to use to capture your visitors’ attention, and how you want it to behave. Do you want messages to glide over the screen, or appear suddenly? Do you want a little tab people can choose to click on or ignore, or a big image that pops up to steal their attention? These visuals you’ll be using to ‘intercept’ your visitors are called creatives.Once inside your new Website Feedback project, you’ll want to get started making creatives. Below are some of the most popular Creative types:Qtip: Both feedback buttons and sliders are subtle ways to gather feedback from your site visitors. When choosing between these two, keep the following in mind:Once you choose a creative type, you can start customizing it to your needs in the Edit section. Keep your creative design clean, but don’t be afraid to make it pop. Always check with your web design team to make sure the creative follows the style guide associated with your company or website.You can customize many things about your creative, but here are some of the main things to consider:The Options section helps you decide how you want your creative to behave, such as how it glides onto the screen, where it’s positioned, the timing of its appearance, and more. Every creative is a little different in how it behaves, so every creative varies in the options presented on this section.In the Options tab, you can preview your creative. Preview Creative mode is a quick and easy way to test whether your creative is formatted as you intend. The Preview window will take into account any conditions you have set in your creative options. If you do not see your creative appear in the preview window, you will want to go back and double check the formatting of your creative.Once you’re happy with how your creative looks and behaves, make sure you Publish it! This pushes your changes live to your website, so long as you’ve deployed your code and activated your intercept.If you are not ready for your creative to appear in the site, Qualtrics will save your changes automatically and keep them from deploying until you are ready to publish.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/getting-started-with-website-app-feedback/step-4-setting-up-your-intercept/ : Thank you for your feedback!Once you’ve designed your creative (or multiple creatives), it’s time to create an intercept. Intercepts decide what target your creative should link to, and the conditions under which the creative should appear on your website. You can use intercepts to randomize creatives, decide when a mobile versus a desktop version of the same creative should appear, and much more.The first thing you should do in your intercept is select a creative. For your very first project, select the creative you made in Step 3.Now it’s time to decide what your creative’s target should be. Select a target by typing or pasting a URL in the field. If you followed Step 1 and made a Qualtrics survey, then paste the anonymous link of your targeted survey in the field. You also have the option to directly select your Qualtrics survey.Intercepts allow you to define the logic that need to be met in order for the selected creative to display to visitors. Logic can be applied at the level of an entire intercept, or individual action sets within an intercept.Logic can be based on a number of conditions, including:Every intercept has at least one action set. For each action set, you’ll need to select a creative and target. You can add additional action sets, and either use the same creative and target for multiple action sets, or set entirely different content.Action sets can be used to differentiate between two different creatives. For example, if you have a mobile and a desktop creative, you can separate these into two different action sets. Another common use case involves different translated creatives. For each language, you can create a different action set linking to the properly translated creative.You can also use action sets to link to different targets. For example, you may have different coupons based on region for both Canadian and American visitors. They speak the same language, so each action set has the same creative set, but the target for each action set is different to account for the different coupons.Think on a deeper level how you want all the action sets in your intercept to behave. Would you like to weight some over the others? Randomize them? Do you want to make sure the intercept doesn’t appear more than once? Intercept Options allow you to set up all these functions and more.Whether you use multiple intercepts or just one is often up to how you want to organize things. For example, you could have one intercept with 20 different action sets and use logic to define when each action set should display, or you could have 20 different intercepts with one action set each.Many times, people choose to organize by how their website is set up. So you may have an intercept just for feedback on the support site and another intercept for main site feedback.Essentially, the less involved multiple action sets (and their corresponding creatives and targets) are with each other, the less likely you need to combine them into one intercept.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Common Use Cases OverviewThis page covers common Qualtrics use cases. Often, these use cases employ multiple features to create a specific setup. Make sure you have permission to access all features associated with a use case. Contact your Brand Administrator if you need your account permissions changed.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step 5: Testing & Activ...After project deployment code has been placed on your website, you can continue to edit and create as many additional components as you want. You also have control when these components go live.Optimizing Intercept Targeti...Optimizing your Intercept and Logic Sets is a great way to proactively improve any targeting network requests. See below to learn how you can optimize your Intercepts.Translating InterceptsFeedback button, responsive dialog, and embedded feedback intercepts can be translated into multiple languages, without the need to make multiple creatives or action sets for each language. Once the translations are added to the intercept, site visitors will automatically see it in the appropriate language. Intercepts determine the respondent’s language based on their browser language or the settings configured in the intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/getting-started-with-website-app-feedback/website-app-feedback-technical-documentation/ : Thank you for your feedback!Qualtrics Website / App Feedback helps organizations measure and enhance the experience a web visitor has within their digital media. Present cool graphics on your website with links and embedded surveys to get feedback on your visitors’ experience, let them know about your latest deals and promotions, and more!You and your colleagues have power over the appearance of the graphic (also known as a creative), the conditions under which it appears (the intercept), and the code used to deploy it.Once the code for your project is added to your website, you can make all kinds changes without ever having to change the code or alert your IT team. Just do the work in Qualtrics, and your websites’ creatives and intercepts will change accordingly.We do not pass any data to Qualtrics servers unless it’s needed for targeting logic. That said, we do not store any of this data in our system.To secure this data over the wire and protect it from man-in-the-middle attacks, Qualtrics always uses the “HTTPS” protocol. Protocol refers to how content is delivered to the visitors’ web browser.Deployment code (or project deployment code) can be found by going to the Deployment section of the Settings tab within your Qualtrics account. You can simply copy the code and send it to your web development team for implementation. No modifications need to be made to the code.Deployment code displays any intercept that has been built within that entire project.Deployment code is asynchronous, meaning that it only runs after everything else on the page has loaded. This means that deployment code will not prevent any other aspect of your page from loading because it will only run once the onLoad event is triggered.Let’s run through the process of what happens when a visitor views a page that contains deployment code:The code is also dynamic, meaning that changes made to intercepts and creatives from within the Website / App Feedback project interface will not cause the code itself to change. Thus, changes can be made to Website / App Feedback projects from within an account, and code will not need to be exchanged on the website for the changes to be seen.Attention: To ensure your intercepts work, you should allowlist the following items in your Content Security Policy headers:If your Content Security Policy blocks these items by default, then Website Feedback will not work reliably on your site. If you use a Website Security Management Solution, such as Ensighten, please allowlist the *qualtrics.com domain by following the documentation they provide. These solutions can prevent the Qualtrics tag from loading necessary resources and the Website Feedback may not work reliably on your site. Additionally, if you are using JavaScript variables, you will need to allow “unsafe-eval” in your Content Security Policy, otherwise Website Feedback will not be able to capture the JavaScript values.Deployment code can be added anywhere on a web page. Because the code runs asynchronously, it will only start loading once a web page has completely loaded all content (including images, script files, CSS files, etc.).Our requests start happening once the onLoad event is triggered: https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onload.aspAdditionally, the location of where creatives actually appear on the web page is determined by settings determined within the Qualtrics interface. (See information on Custom Position.) Thus, the location of the code within the page does not affect where on the page content will appear.We recommend that you add deployment code to either the Global Header or Footer. This applies the code globally across the entire site all at once. This method is the easiest way to deploy because you don’t need to repeatedly add code to more pages as you go, which can be a lengthy process. If code has been added globally to your site in this way, you can then use Current URL logic within an intercept to control on which pages an intercept actually appears.Another option for implementing Website / App Feedback on your site is to add it to a Tag Management system, instead of applying it directly to the site code. Code can be copied and pasted from the Qualtrics interface right into a Tag Manager.Common Tag Management systems that our clients use in conjunction with Website / App Feedback are Adobe Launch, Tealium, Ensighten, and Google Tag Manager. Tealium in particular has a wizard built that allows for easy implementation of Website / App Feedback. You will simply need the Zone ID for the project you are implementing and your Organization ID.The Organization ID can be obtained by going to the Account Settings menu and selecting the Qualtrics IDs tab.The Zone ID will begin with ZN_ and can be found:Someone within your organization that has access to add content to your company’s website. Typically these are individuals on an IT team, Web Content team, etc.Deployment code is asynchronous, meaning that it only runs after everything else on the page has loaded. This means that deployment code will not prevent any other aspect of your page from loading because it will only run once the onLoad event is triggered.If Qualtrics is experiencing any outages or issues, the intercepts will simply not show up on the page. Beyond that, there will be no impact to the visitor’s experience on your sites.We expect the deployment code to load within 300 milliseconds for more than 50% of requests and within 750 milliseconds for more than 90% of requests. Speed will vary based on user’s geographic location and how many intercepts and creatives a project has.Make sure the published version is the most recent (or the version that you would expect).Step 2: Preview & Edit ...Once you've defined the features and levels you'd like to analyze, it's time to create your conjoint project! Log into Qualtrics and navigate to the catalog.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/getting-started-iq-directory/getting-started-with-iq-directory/ : Thank you for your feedback!XM Directory lets you build your own in-house panel with rich profiles of your customers and prospects. By having an organization-wide directory of contacts, you can view profiles of different contacts’ many touchpoints with your organization, making it easier than ever to discover insights about their experience with your brand.With XM Directory, you can create and update contact information in a central database and send surveys directly to mailing lists, samples, or segments. You can easily prevent duplicate contacts, and manage your global opt-outs for the entire directory. You can also limit the amount of times respondents can be contacted by your brand to prevent response fatigue and improve the survey taking experience.Regardless of whether you’re an administrator looking to set up their brand new directory or a standard user who just wants to learn the basics before sending their first distribution, we have the resources to get you started with XM Directory.For administrators looking to implement XM Directory on their brands:For users looking to send distributions using XM Directory:To get started, go to the global navigation menu, then select Directories.Your administrator may have given you access to more than one contact directory. Try clicking the dropdown at the top of the page to see how many directories you have access to. Note that these are each distinct, and will not necessarily have the same contacts or settings in them. When you create a mailing list in one directory, it’s not added to any other directory; this same rule applies for all changes you can make.You can find a quick definition for the most commonly used terms in XM Directory below:Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/getting-started-iq-directory/first-distribution-xm-directory/step-2-distributing-to-contacts-in-xm-directory/ : Thank you for your feedback!Once you create a survey and set up your contacts, it’s time to send out some survey invites!XM Directory allows you to distribute projects directly through the Directories page, so you do not need to switch between XM Directory and a specific project every time you want to send an invite. To get started, go to the Distributions tab and select Create distribution.Sending survey invites through email is very easy. When you create a new distribution, the user interface will guide you through the steps you need to complete.Remember to choose a link type carefully. This option determines whether the respondents’ personal information is recorded, if they can retake the survey, or whether you will be able to send reminder and thank you emails later.Every email comes ready with a link to the survey and opt-out details. You can customize the message however you want, and even send a test to yourself to check that everything looks correct before officially sending the email.XM Directory also allows you to send emails without a survey. This can be useful for email campaigns, announcements, or general information emails. However, these types of emails do not support reminder or thank you emails.In the Distributions tab, you will see a list of all distributions that have been sent from your account. By clicking on a specific distribution, you can see statistics about the distribution. This includes the size of the list, how many emails were sent, and how many surveys were completed.You will also have additional actions you can perform on the distribution. You can view or delete the distribution, or download a CSV file that contains the entire list of contacts in the distribution, their status, and their individual survey link.In that Actions dropdown, you also have an option to send a reminder or thank you email. A reminder email is sent after an initial invite, asking respondents who have not finished the survey to complete it. This reminder email will go out to respondents who have started the survey but not submitted it, as well as respondents who have not yet started the survey.We recommend sending reminder emails between three to seven days after the initial distribution. Thank you emails can be sent as well thanking respondents for completing the survey, and we recommend sending these between three to seven days after the distribution as well. That will give most respondents time to complete the survey and ensures that the thank you email comes in a timely enough manner.Although email is the most popular distribution type, it isn’t the only method available to you. Below we’ll cover other ways you can use XM Directory to the fullest. Click the linked support pages to learn more about each option.Export unique links: If you don’t want to use the Qualtrics mailer, but do want the benefits of tracking individual responses, you can use your mailing list, sample, or segment to generate a spreadsheet of survey links. You can use this file to distribute the survey using your personal mailer.SMS distributions: SMS allows you to distribute surveys through text messages. You have the option of either texting questions directly to respondents that they can respond to, or texting a link to the survey that the recipient can open in their mobile browser.WhatsApp distributions: WhatsApp is one of the most widely used messenger apps in the world. Similarly to SMS, you have two options for distributing surveys through WhatsApp: either messaging questions directly to respondents so they can reply right in the app, or sending a link to the survey that the recipient can open in their mobile browser.Web and app intercepts: Dynamically collect feedback from your website. Link site survey responses to contacts, use contact frequency rules to moderate what intercepts visitors see, and target specific high-value customer segments with the intercepts on your site.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/getting-started-iq-directory/xm-directory-maintenance-organization-tips/ : Thank you for your feedback!This page highlights the different features that Brand Administrators and directory administrators can use to organize XM Directory and manage directory access. Maintaining an organized directory is crucial for collecting consistent data, which will help you draw the best insights from your experience data.Having multiple directories allows you to segment your contacts based on common themes or divisions that exist within your company. For example, a directory can be created to contain your product testers while a different directory can store all customer care contacts. Utilizing multiple directories also allows you to apply different directory-wide settings, so that distinct sets of contacts can have different contact frequency and deduplication rules. The Creating & Managing Multiple Directories support page has more information on setting up multiple directories.Setting up XM Directory roles allows you to control who has access to your directories and who can edit the directory settings. Restricting directory access limits the number of contacts and embedded data fields that can be added to your directory, cutting down on the amount of clean-up that is needed. Role-based access control is crucial for managing multiple directories across your organization’s users.Setting up contact frequency rules will allow you to prevent over-sampling of your contacts. You can decide to limit either the number of messages sent to contacts over a certain period of time or set a period of time that must pass before the same contact can receive another message. Ensuring your contacts do not receive too many messages from you can help prevent survey fatigue.Merging duplicate contacts allows you to reduce the number of contacts in your directory and ensures you aren’t distributing emails to multiple instances of the same contact. You can take steps to make sure contacts are automatically merged when they’re uploaded to your directory. If duplicates already exist in your directory, you have the ability to manually merge them.You can merge existing contacts inside the directory settings or by using the “consolidate duplicates” tool in the directory. When merging contacts, you have the option to select which field you would like to use to identify duplicates. Email is the most common field to use for merging contacts, but you can select multiple fields. All selected fields must match for duplicate contacts to be merged.After the duplicate contacts have been identified, you can consolidate each set individually.When merging contacts, the most recently updated embedded data value will be preserved in the consolidated contact.You can also choose to automatically merge duplicate contacts as they are uploaded to your directory. When you upload contacts to XM Directory, the platform will look for contacts with matching deduplication fields and update the contact records accordingly instead of creating new ones. Please keep in mind that empty fields will not deduplicate, so if merge rules are set to email and you upload a list of contacts that don’t contain an email field, they will not be consolidated. For scenarios like these, consider adding additional, back-up rules for merging contacts.Older directories often have large numbers of contacts that have not been surveyed for months or years. Frequently removing unused contact records will help keep your directory running smoothly.You can easily find unused contacts by using directory filters based on contact statistics. The Created, Last modified, Last email, Last invite received, and Last response fields are useful for finding contacts based on age or responsiveness. When filtering for contacts, keep in mind that you should only include contacts who are opted into your directory, as deleting opted-out contacts could opt them into your directory if they are reuploaded. Read more about filtering contacts on Searching & Filtering Directory Contacts.Once you’ve built your filter, you can remove contacts in bulk by following the directions on the Managing Multiple Directory Contacts page.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/api-integration/finding-qualtrics-ids/ : Thank you for your feedback!All Qualtrics API requests require specific parameters to construct the requests. Many of these parameters will be Qualtrics IDs. For example, if you’re downloading the raw data for your survey, you’ll need to know the survey ID. The majority of these IDs can be found in your account on the Qualtrics IDs tab.View the Current Qualtrics API DocumentationIn some cases, the parameters you’ll need to create your API request will require IDs that cannot be found in the Qualtrics IDs tab. Some examples of these parameters are UserID, GroupType, and DivisionID. If you’re implementing a Brand Administrator API request under the Users, Groups, or Divisions sections of our documentation, you’ll likely need to use the Inspect Element tool.Inspect Element is a developer tool that allows you to see the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that is currently on a webpage. When looking for Qualtrics IDs, we’ll only be concerned with the HTML of a webpage.Here are the common IDs you’ll find by inspecting the element.Your Organization ID (also called Brand ID) can be located by following these instructions.This section covers the easiest ways to locate survey IDs for both survey owners and Brand Administrators.You can find your datacenter ID when you are logged into Qualtrics. The datacenter is found in your Account Settings and is 2-3 letters and a number. For example, az1, au1, co1, or ca1.The PoolID (also known as the DirectoryID) is used in API calls relating to XM Directory. To locate it, go to the Qualtrics IDs section of your Account Settings. More information on how to find your Qualtrics IDs can be found in the Locating Qualtrics IDs section. Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/api-integration/using-qualtrics-api-documentation/ : Thank you for your feedback!Our Qualtrics API Documentation page details all of our currently available documentation.This page walks you through how to navigate our documentation, outlining what each section discusses and what’s available.In the API Overview, you can see information about the Qualtrics API in general, as well as information about Pagination (i.e., if you run a List Contacts request and you have more than 100 contacts, the result will be paginated and a nextPage URL will be provided to get the next 100 – this applies to all collection requests).Use the following IP address ranges to allowlist:This sub-section shows you how to find the datacenter ID that you will need to include in the base URL for your API requests.This sub-section shows you where you can find the various IDs that you will need when running API requests. For IDs that are not available in this section, please see Locating Qualtrics IDs by Inspecting the Element.The Authentication sub-section outlines what information is needed to authenticate your requests, as well as suggestions for protecting your API token. For more information on the authentication process, view Generating an API Token.The Parameters sub-section covers the different methods for passing parameters depending on the HTTP method being used (GET, POST, PUT, or DELETE).The Responses sub-section contains examples of the different HTTP response codes that can be returned when you run a request, as well as the possible reasons for each response code. Our API always returns responses in JSON, except in the case of the response export request where the file can be returned in any of our available formats.This section of the documentation has code snippets in Python and Java to help you in developing workflows for managing surveys and users and for getting survey results.The Reference section contains important information on acceptable date and time formats, language codes, requests limits, and details on event subscriptions. Event subscriptions allow you to send notifications to a publication URL once an event occurs (e.g., a response being recorded).To help organize the documentation and help users find the API requests they’re looking for, the requests are categorized as follows:Each API request has a name, a brief description, a table that lists possible parameters, the response, an example request in cURL, and the “Try It Out” wizard. Understanding how to use this information can help streamline your work.The first 3 things that are listed for any API request are the HTTP verb, the name of the API request, and a brief description of the request.The URL used in the request (or “definition”) will be listed next to the HTTP verb.Notice the drill-down structure used in the URLs. For example:For each API request, you’ll see a table listing all possible body parameters that can be used (some will be optional, some will be required). This table has the following information:The request sample given on the documentation shows you how to format the request in cURL. These requests include the root URL and all required parameters from the parameters table.This section gives an example of what you can expect to receive once your API request is successful. For example, if you’re using the API request Create User, your response will be the user ID of the newly created user.Our API Documentation allows you to quickly and easily execute an API request. (Note that most API requests require Qualtrics IDs.)Once you’ve entered the necessary values for your request, you’ll see the call’s output under “Response.”Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Retention PoliciesOrganization rules or privacy laws such as GDPR may require you to delete or anonymize collected survey data after a certain period of time. Retention policy allow you to set a brand-wide policy for how long Qualtrics stores survey response data. Every 24 hours, Qualtrics processes survey responses older than the configured threshold. Retention policies are brand-wide policies that determine how long Qualtrics stores survey response or contact data. Each time the policy runs, Qualtrics deletes responses or contacts older than the configured threshold. For response deletion policies, you can also set exceptions allowing for individual surveys to have a different retention period.Website / App Feedback Techn...Qualtrics Website / App Feedback helps organizations measure and enhance the experience a web visitor has within their digital media. Present cool graphics on your website with links and embedded surveys to get feedback on your visitors' experience, let them know about your latest deals and promotions, and more!Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/getting-started-with-website-app-feedback/website-app-feedback-browser-cookies/ : Thank you for your feedback!Website / App Feedback stores certain data inside cookies. This includes the Site History cookie, Prevent Repeated Display cookie, a cookie that tells us that we have a Pop Under, a cookie that stores history data if localStorage is disabled, and a cookie that tracks user events.Except for when action set logic is based off of Site History or Page Count, all cookies are within 100 bytes. The total size of the cookies listed on this page can be controlled by the Maximum Cookie Size, found under the Organization Settings tab of the Admin page. This is a brand-wide setting and cannot be limited to singular accounts or projects.For Site History or Page Count, you can choose between storing information as cookies or as session storage instead. This is a setting that applies to an entire Website Feedback project.Once you choose a storage method, you can then set the maximum storage size (in bytes) on either a project-level or on the brand-level (if you are a Brand Admin). If they are set, project-level settings override brand-level settings. If you do not want to keep track of the user’s site history in the browser, you can set the maximum storage size to “1”; the cookie or session storage key will still be created, but it will stay empty as the user navigates through the site.You can specify where the Site History cookie will be stored by setting a Cookie Domain. This can be useful for websites with multiple subdomains (i.e., shop.siteintercept.com and about.siteintercept.com). You can specify a cookie domain for the site history cookie in project options, and a cookie domain for repeated display prevention within an individual intercept. By default, cookies are saved independently for each subdomain so that each would have its own Site History, Time On Site, and Page Count.There is an option on the Intercept’s Change Options section that prevents Intercepts from running in browsers that have cookies disabled. By default, the option is enabled.Site History SessionSamplingPrevent Repeated DisplayPopunder Target SessionOtherIntercept TargetingSite Exit PopUnder Embedded Data updateExperience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/responsive-dialog-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!The responsive dialog is a creative type available for Website / App Feedback projects. This creative type enables you to make accessibility compliant creatives that are responsive to different device sizes.The responsive dialog creative provides accessibility features out of the box, without the need for additional JavaScript based updates that were required in the past.Once you have access to this feature, the Responsive dialog is available alongside other creatives.Once you create your responsive dialog, there are six areas that you can customize before setting up your intercept: Size & Style, Message, Buttons, Logos & Images, Animation, and Translations.In the Size & Style section, you can customize the overall look and feel of the creative as follows:These are the options that appear if you do not use an embedded target, and leave Display survey directly in the dialog deselected.When you select Display survey directly in dialog, the survey will be embedded on the creative, instead of linked with a button. To test the full and accurate experience of the survey in the creative, use the bookmarklet. See Test Intercepts for more.Selecting this option removes the Message and Buttons tabs because you will no longer have a message or buttons on the Responsive Dialog, aside from what is already set in your target survey. Selecting this option also means you have different Size & Style settings:Qtip: If you’d like to make the responsive dialog creative automatically scale to a larger size, add additional questions to your first page of the survey or add additional spacing to your survey. To make the responsive dialog smaller, move questions to other following pages, add page breaks, or decrease the spacing within your survey.If you would like to import a survey theme into the creative’s style settings, click Use a template.Themes are created by the Brand Administrator for the use of users in their brand. Select a brand from the dropdown menu, then click Import. If you would like to add a theme to this list, reach out to your Brand Administrator for more information.Importing a theme template will adjust the following settings for the creative:In the Message section, you can the configure the Headline and Description that shows up on your creative. The headline should generally be a short phrase that captures the visitor’s attention, while the description gives more detail as to why the creative has appeared to them.The font will be adopted from the website that displays the creative. For both the Headline and Description, you can customize the actual text, font size, and font weight.In the Buttons section, you can configure options specific to the number, appearance, and target for each button.In the Logos & Images section, you can specify one or more images/logos to include on your creative.You can choose to upload a separate image for Mobile or Desktop, so that different images will be displayed depending on whether the creative is seen on a Mobile or Desktop browser. You can also upload the same image but with different resolutions to optimizing the display on either type of device browsers.To make the image accessibility compliant, you also have the ability to specify the Alt Text to go with the images. (Alt Text is a feature that allows screen readers to describe an image to visually impaired users.)In the Animation section you can choose the type of animation (Fade or Slide In)  you want for your creative as it appears on the screen.As needed, you can preview your animation settings on this screen as well, by clicking on Preview Animation.You can add translations for all the text in your responsive dialog. See the Translating Feedback Buttons & Responsive Dialogs page for step-by-step instructions.As you configure the responsive dialog creative, you can preview how the creative will look on different screen sizes (e.g., desktop, mobile and tablet).As you add changes to the responsive dialog creative, please be sure to periodically save your work by clicking on the Save button on the bottom-right hand corner, just above the preview area.Responsive dialog creatives can can be used with standard intercepts. Just make sure that when you set the intercept’s Creative, you select the responsive dialog creative under the Responsive Dialog section.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step 2: Preview & Edit ...Once you've defined the features and levels you'd like to analyze, it's time to create your conjoint project! Log into Qualtrics and navigate to the catalog.MaxDiff TURF SimulatorThe MaxDiff TURF simulator allows you to simulate how respondents would react to different packages. To learn more about TURF, how it is calculated, and how best to use this data, see the TURF Analysis support page.
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/feedback-tab-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!The feedback button is similar to feedback tabs and sliders, enabling you to make accessible creatives responsive to different device sizes. This creative makes it much easier to quickly add feedback buttons for your websites.Once you have access to this feature, the Feedback button is available alongside other creatives. You can choose to build your feedback button with the guided Website Feedback setup, or you can build your feedback button on its own by scrolling down to the piece by piece section.Once you select the Feedback button, you’ll have the option to name your creative.In the Look & Feel section, you can customize the overall look and feel of the creative as follows:All the above options can be separately configured to control how the feedback button will display for desktop web vs. mobile web browsers – using the Web (Desktop) or Mobile web tabs.For Mobile web, there is also an option to completely disable this creative, if needed. Select Don’t show this button on mobile browser to turn it off for mobile.In the Survey display section, you can control how the actual survey shows up once the user clicks on the feedback button.The survey display options for Web (Desktop) are:The survey display options for Mobile web are:Add translations for your button text. See Translating Feedback Buttons & Responsive Dialogs for step-by-step instructions.As you add changes to the feedback button creative, please be sure to periodically save your work by clicking on the Save button on the top-right hand corner, just above the preview area.Once you are ready to publish your creative, click on Publish. This will make it so that you can push the creative live to your mobile app.Feedback button creatives can be used with standard intercepts. Just make sure that when you set the intercept’s creative, choose the specific creative under the Feedback button section.Attention: If your feedback creative has different options than what is displayed on this page, or if it was created before September 27, 2019, chances are it is an entirely different creative called the feedback tab (not the feedback button). This is an older creative that is technically a different creative than the one described on this page. You can no longer create the older Feedback Tab, although if you created one in the past, it will never be deleted or disabled.However, we encourage you to create a new feedback button and try the experience described on this page. This new version is user-friendly and accessible without the need for additional JavaScript-based updates that were required in the past. For example, you can easily set different desktop and mobile options right inside the creative, instead of having to use separate creatives customized with unique actions in an intercept.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Website / App Feedback Techn...Qualtrics Website / App Feedback helps organizations measure and enhance the experience a web visitor has within their digital media. Present cool graphics on your website with links and embedded surveys to get feedback on your visitors' experience, let them know about your latest deals and promotions, and more!Deployment SectionWhen you're finally ready to deploy your Website Feedback project on your website, head over to the Deployment section of the Settings tab. Here, there are also several options you can adjust before deploying.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/intercepts-tab/edit-intercept-section/editing-intercepts/ : Thank you for your feedback!Once you’ve built a creative, the next step is to set conditions for when it will display and what the targets on your creative should be linking to. This is where the intercept comes in. Intercepts manage when your creatives appear and where they link to.Once you’ve generated a new intercept, you can edit it in the Edit section.An intercept is organized into parts called action sets. Each of these action sets will contain specific conditions (logic) under which the creative should appear, the creative that should appear, and where the visitor should be redirected if they click the creative (target).You can have just one action set or multiple. Having multiple action sets allows you to display different creatives and targets under different conditions, or to randomize action sets, so you can perform A/B testing.Each action set connects to a creative. Click the Select a Creative to show dropdown, highlight the type of creative, and then select the creative to show.The target is where your creative should link to. In the case of an embedded target, it’s the content that should be embedded right on the creative. For example, instead of linking visitors away to a Qualtrics survey, you may want them to complete it as soon as the creative appears.To add a target, click the Select a target for your Creative to link to dropdown.From there, you can do one of the following:Action set logic is how you decide when the corresponding action set’s creative should be shown to your site’s visitors.You can base logic on several different kinds of conditions.Sometimes your intercept will require multiple action sets.To add an action set, click Add Another Action Set.To learn more about how multiple action sets work together, see the linked support page.Targeting logic applies to the entire intercept instead of just one action. If you have logic that applies to every action set in the intercept, it’s a good idea to apply it as targeting logic instead.To add logic that applies to the entire intercept, click Add targeting logic.Setting up targeting logic is exactly the same as setting up action set logic.Every action set has an Options button to the upper-right of it.From here, you can do much more with your action set. To learn more about these options, see the following pages:When you enter the Edit, Options, Test Intercept, or Statistics sections, a menu will appear to the left listing all the intercepts you’ve created in this project. You can switch easily between intercepts by clicking their names.Using the Search bar, you can search intercepts by name, or change the Sort by Date dropdown to sort your intercepts by a different criteria.Green icons indicate activated intercepts. Gray icons indicated intercepts that haven’t been activated yet, or have been deactivated.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Digital Open DoorDuring times of crisis and extreme change, keeping communication lines open with your customers is critical. Combined with the accelerated digital transformation driven by COVID-19, any websites or apps you company runs are critical touchpoints with your customers. Quickly stand up a digital open door to ensure customers always have an open, two-way line of communication.Activating, Publishing, ...At the top of every section when you edit an intercept are two buttons: Publish and Manage.A/B Testing in Website Feedb...A/B Testing is a classic research format used across disciplines. In this testing method, you compare a control condition to one where a treatment is applied, so you can then analyze if there is a significant difference between the respondents’ behavior in the treatment vs. the control baseline. A/B Testing can be useful in web development because it allows you to compare two versions of a design or advertisement in order to determine which is preferred by your customers.Optimizing Intercept Targeti...Optimizing your Intercept and Logic Sets is a great way to proactively improve any targeting network requests. See below to learn how you can optimize your Intercepts.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/intercepts-tab/edit-intercept-section/multiple-action-sets/ : Thank you for your feedback!Creating multiple action sets in your intercept can help you create a more dynamic web experience for your visitors. For example, maybe you want to conduct A/B testing. Maybe you have different creatives that appear under different conditions, or you want to target a particular type of visitor with your creatives. Multiple actions can help you with all these situations and more.To add an action set, click Add Another Action Set.You can also create a duplicate of an existing action set. Click Options and select Copy Action Set.By default, multiple action sets are evaluated in a sequential order, from first to last, and only one is ultimately carried out. If the website visitor does not qualify for any of the action sets, then no action set is carried out.If you’d prefer that action sets were assigned to visitors at random (i.e., for A/B testing), you’ll want to select the Randomize action set option. You can find this on the Intercepts tab in the Options section.Instead of creating an intercept for each creative, sometimes it’s better to put multiple action sets into one intercept instead.Even if your creatives are for unrelated tasks, combining all of them onto one intercept ensures that these creatives don’t all pop out at your visitors at once. Remember, action sets work by checking one at a time if their conditions apply; once a condition applies, the intercepts stops looking for an action set to display.In order to merge intercepts, you have to rebuild one intercept’s logic inside another intercept.Within each action set you can set up different logic to target selected users. For example, you might want to target certain mobile devices or browser types used to access the webpage.One common example of targeting is having one action set display a smaller Pop Over creative for users on mobile devices and a separate action set display a bigger Pop Over creative for users on desktops.Alternatively, maybe you’d like to have U.S.-based users see one creative and U.K.-based users see a different creative. This can also easily be done within Multiple Action Sets.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/intercepts-tab/edit-intercept-section/action-set-logic/website-conditions/ : Thank you for your feedback!Sometimes you have more information stored about a visitor that you would like to use in your logic. In this section, you will learn about Website conditions. These conditions can be based off cookie values, Javascript Expressions, HTML on the site, and more.Adobe Analytics can be used to display a creative based on the value of Adobe Analytics variable. In order to use this condition, the website needs to be integrated with Adobe Analytics beforehand. For more information, see Adobe Analytics Extension.Value from Cookie can be used to display a creative if a cookie stored on the visitor’s browser contains a value that you specify. For example, if you store a cookie called Return Visitor equal to True if the visitor is a return visitor and False if the visitor is a new visitor, you could choose to target only those who are returning visitors.With event tracking, you can listen for specific events on your website beyond which pages the visitor has seen. Events might include visitor actions like downloading a monthly statement on a banking website, clicking to chat with a live agent on a commerce site, and more.For how to set Event Tracking up, see the linked support page.HTML on site conditions can be used to read the HTML of the page and display a creative if an HTML element contains a value that you specify. For example, if you wanted to target visitors who have two or more items in their shopping cart, you could use the ID of the shopping cart element to base your logic on if that element contains a number larger than or equal to 2.In this example, we’ve determined that we want to show a creative if there are 2 or more items in the shopping cart. Looking at the HTML for this button, we’ve determined that the ID of the HTML element containing the number of items in cart is qty-in-cart.Qtip: If the element you need to target doesn’t have an ID attribute and you aren’t able to add one, consider targeting this element using the JavaScript Expression condition:For example, If the shopping cart had no ID but had a class=“qty-in-cart” and it is the first element with this class on the page, then this JavaScript expression could be used to target it.This condition can be used to display a creative depending on the value of a JavaScript expression. Often websites will store information about their visitors in JavaScript variables. For example, a variable might store whether the visitor is a current customer or a potential customer.In this example, a variable called navigator.language stores visitors’ language settings. This intercept will show a creative if they are using their browsers in English.This condition can be used to display a creative depending on the value stored within a Google Data Layer. Often websites will store information about their visitors in Data Layer variables. For example, a variable might store whether the visitor is a current customer or a potential customer. Qualtrics can reload as these variables are updated, allowing for real-time targeting.In this example, a variable called navigator.language stores visitors’ language settings. This intercept will show a creative if they are using their browsers in English.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/intercepts-tab/edit-intercept-section/action-set-logic/user-info-conditions/ : Thank you for your feedback!The User Info conditions allow you to target visitors based on demographic information, such as their location or their device type.  On this page, you will learn about the different User Info conditions and how to apply them in your intercept.Using Location, you can target visitors from a specific area.Qtip: Website Feedback uses the visitor’s IP address to approximate their location, according to the MaxMind GeoIP database. Regions are presented according to data accuracy. In Canada, targeting is available at the province level. In the United States, it is available at the state level, and in some cases the metropolitan area level. In other countries, targeting is available only at the country level due to low accuracy. Targeting is 99.8% accurate on the country level, 90% accurate on the state level, and 83% accurate on the US city level within a 40 kilometer radius.Using IP Address conditions, you can target or exclude specific visitors from seeing your creatives. For example, you could use IP Address targeting to exclude those in your office from seeing a creative. This is useful for projects such as satisfaction surveys, where having employee responses might invalidate data. In the testing/demo phase of your implementation, you could use IP Address targeting to only display the creative to those visiting your webpage from your office’s network.If you are more accustomed to working with User Agent data or would like to prevent individuals with a specific browser version from seeing a creative, you can add intercept display logic using the User Agent condition. User Agents record information about a visitor’s browser and operating system so it can be used in logic to target this kind of information.Use this option to target visitors based on what browser they are using. For example, in older versions of Internet Explorer, you may want to show a creative inviting the visitor to upgrade their browser. You can also target device types in the Action Set Options.Certain creatives may work best on certain platforms. For instance, a Pop Over that looks great on a laptop may be difficult to navigate around on a mobile phone. Device Type targeting allows you to show different creatives depending on which device the visitor is using. You can also target device types in the Action Set Options.Use this option to target or exclude visitors based on the size of their screen. For example, a 500px-wide Pop Over may not display well on a 400px-wide mobile screen.Some common screen resolutions:Use this option to target or exclude visitors based on the width or height of their browser window. This could be useful to ensure your creative won’t cover important site content when the visitor is viewing the site in a smaller window. Nearly all of our website visitors have a screen resolution of 1024 x 768 or greater.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/intercepts-tab/edit-intercept-section/action-set-logic/web-service-conditions/ : Thank you for your feedback!Web Service conditions allow an external web service to determine whether or not a creative should display. For example, a resort in Palm Beach might use a web service to check the current weather and offer a special promotion when it is raining outside. You can also pass parameters to Web Service intercept conditions directly in the user interface.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/intercepts-tab/activating-publishing-managing-intercepts/ : Thank you for your feedback!At the top of every section when you edit an intercept are two buttons: Publish and Manage.Any changes to your intercepts won’t go live until you are ready. There are two key components that make this possible: publishing and activating. When you publish a creative or intercept, the latest changes you have made can go live on your website. When you activate an intercept, this turns the intercept on so it is live on your website.You will separately publish creatives and intercepts after every set of changes you make, however, you will only activate intercepts once.Publishing a creative and intercept simply means your latest changes can go live on your website. You must Activate an intercept before the code will work at all. From there, you can turn off the code at any time by Deactivating the intercept.To activate an intercept, simply click Activate on the top-right of the Edit section. This button is only available once the intercept has been published for the first time.To deactivate an active intercept, simply click Deactivate on the top-right of the Edit section. This button is only available once the intercept has already been activated.On the top-right of the intercept editor you will find the Manage dropdown menu.
View the Revision History of your intercept. Here, you can tell when a revision was made and what user made it.Click on the version you’re currently editing for the option to Save a new revision.Click on an older version to Revert to this revision. This will replace the version you’re editing with this older revision.You can always go back in your Revision History to restore any previously saved revision, including ones created after the revision you are restoring.Manually save any changes you’ve made to your intercept. Note that changes are saved automatically every few seconds, so this option is not typically necessary.Give your intercept a new name.Create a copy of your intercept within the same project.With event tracking, you can keep track of actions your visitors take on your website, such as downloading a monthly statement on a banking website, clicking to chat with a live agent on a commerce site, and more. To learn more about setting up Event Tracking, go to the linked support page.If you are building Qualtrics surveys with the Survey Platform software, you can set what are known as quotas. Quotas allow you to limit how many people come into your survey, often based on a response they’ve given (e.g., limit your survey to only 50 male and 50 female respondents).When building your quota, you can decide what happens when that quota is met. Are new respondents sent to a different survey? Are they sent out of the survey entirely? One of your options is to activate or deactivate an intercept (not a whole project).Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Opt-In Survey Upon Site ExitSite exit surveys ask visitors to provide feedback after they leave a website.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/edit-creative-section/ : Thank you for your feedback!If you’re using one of the other creative types and generated a new creative or clicked an old creative, you will be directed to the Edit section.If you have generated a new creative or clicked an old creative that’s a Responsive Dialog, Feedback Button, or Embedded Feedback, you will be directed to the Design section of your creative.In both the Edit and Design sections, you can add content to your creative and design it any way you like.While all creative types are unique, most use the same basic editing functions. For information on options unique to a certain creative, go to that specific creative’s support page.In the Edit section, you’ll notice an editing space where you can build and modify your creatives. You can move elements around by simply clicking and dragging them to the new desired position.The following shortcuts will make it easy to make smaller, more precise adjustments:You can add content to your creative by using the floating toolbar.The box is useful for adding a background to your creative, on which you can add other elements. You can also double-click on the box to add text.Display invitations, instructions, and other written content on your creative using the TextBox.Add a button that will close the creative when clicked. This is not available for all creative types.You’ll notice that when you create a Close Button, you can select a button style from the toolbar along the top.If you want, you can replace the close button with text instead. Just double-click the close button, highlight the button icon, and either delete the icon or begin typing to replace the icon with text.Add a link that will direct visitors to your Intercept’s Target. This link is unique because its destination is not set until you are building your Intercept. This allows you to reuse your creative in multiple situations, each with its own Target. Double-click on the Target to change the text, insert an image, or make other visual changes.Rather than visitors clicking on a link, which takes them to the Target website (usually a survey), the Embedded Target allows you to display the target within your creative.Insert a general image into your creative. This is useful for branding purposes as well as for drawing visitors’ attention to your creative. After clicking on an element, you can toggle the element options along the top of the workspace. Note that these options may change depending on the type of element selected.Click the background or border options to open a color palette.Once you click either the background or border button:Set the size of your element. Note that you can also click and drag the corners of your element to resize. Using the Width and Height option is appropriate if you need to specify an exact pixel size.Set the thickness of the border for your element.Set the transparency level for your element. By default, it will be 100%, which means it is not at all transparent. The lower the value, the more transparent.Click the dropdown menu on the right for extra options, similar to what you’ll see if you right-click the element. Click the Element Options dropdown to:When you double-click on an element, the Selected Element Options will be transformed into a Rich Content Editor.Excluding the features discussed below, this Rich Content Editor has the same features and layout as the Rich Content Editor in the Survey Platform. For more information, refer to our Rich Content Editor support page.When you enter the Edit, Options, or Statistics sections, a menu will appear to the left listing all the creatives you’ve made in the project. You can switch easily between creatives by clicking their names.Using the Search bar, you can search creatives by name, or change the Sort by Date dropdown to sort your creatives by a different criteria.Mobile App Prompt creatives are not included in this list.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/change-options-section-creatives/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Options section is reserved for animation effects, position on the webpage, and other options that will make your creative pop.Each creative has their own set of options located under Options. For example, a Pop Over has animation settings and an Info Bar has settings for whether or not to cover existing content when sliding onto the page. This page will cover common options. For details on additional options available for each creative, refer to that creative’s support page.If you don’t want your creative to appear on the webpage until after a few seconds, you can adjust your Display After option.If you’d like the creative to disappear after a certain amount of time, adjust your Close After option.The Position section allows you to map where you want the creative to appear on the page.The boxes in blue are where the creative will end up on the screen.If you are adding an animation, the green boxes are the position your creative will start from as it enters the screen.A great way to test the animation, close, and other display options you’ve chosen is to use the Preview Creative feature on the center-right of the page.To adjust the screen size you’re previewing, click the Preview Screen Resolution dropdown. When you’re ready, click Preview Creative.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/publishing-managing-creatives/ : Thank you for your feedback!Publish and Manage are two buttons that appear in the upper-right corner of every section on the Creatives tab. Publish allows us to push changes to the deployment code, whereas the Manage button has options for copying, saving, and importing your creative.When you finish creating your Intercept and linking it to your creative, you can generate a project code to paste onto your website. This code comes with a great benefit: if you go back and need to make changes to your creative, or even add a new creative to the project, these changes won’t appear on your website until you are ready. That way you can make changes without confusing website visitors.Clicking Publish makes it so that the changes you’ve made will be reflected on any website containing your project code.When you publish your creative, you will be invited to write a description for your changes. This description will be used in your revision history to help you easily identify this revision in case you need to revert to it at some later point. You can find the Revision History by clicking Manage on the top-right of the creative editor.On the top-right of the creative editor you will find the Manage dropdown menu.
View the Revision History of your creative. Here, you can tell when a revision was made and what user made it.Click on the version you’re currently editing for the option to Save a new revision.
Click on an older version to Revert to this revision. This will replace the version you’re editing with this older revision.
You can always go back in your Revision History to restore any previously saved revision, including ones created after the revision you are restoring.Manually save any changes you’ve made to your creative. Note that changes are saved automatically every few seconds, so this option is not typically necessary.Give your creative a new name.Create a copy of your creative. Select which project you want this copy to be saved to under the Project dropdown menu.Copy your creative to a library.This option allows you to import a creative qsif file, originally obtained from the Export Creative option.To upload, click Choose File. Once your file is selected, click Import.When you select Export Creative, this will download a qsif file of your creative to your computer. This can be uploaded into any creative to create a copy of the exported creative.Do not open this file on your computer. It can only be understood by the Qualtrics software.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/mobile-app-prompt-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!Mobile App Prompt Creatives allow you to collect feedback on your mobile app instead of a website. Once you have purchased access to this feature, the Mobile App Prompt is available alongside other Creatives.To learn about the process of setting up a Mobile App Feedback project, go to the linked support page.In the Content section, you can specify the headline and description to display on your mobile creative.In the Theme section, you can choose to enable the Overridden Through SDK setting. When enabled, certain elements of your creative will be overridden with specific configuration details from the SDK. For more documentation on SDK, see our API documentation.In the Headline section, you can specify the title text for the mobile creative. You can also customize the color, font size, and alignment that you need for the title text.In the Description section, you can specify what text to display on your mobile creative. You can also customize the color, font size, and alignment that you need for this text. Although the font sizes offered are the same, the Description will always appear smaller than the Title.In the Buttons section, you can decide on the number and styling of the buttons that will go on your mobile Creative.Edit the settings for the first button within the Button One section. When you want to move on to Button Two, scroll down to the Button Two section.Once a button is selected, you have several text and color options to choose from for each button. You can also change the button behavior with Button Action. There are three options to choose from:In the Size & Style section, you can control the spacing between the title, description and buttons. You can also control:On the upper-right, there is always a preview of your design.Mobile App Prompt Creatives are responsive to screen size and orientation. This means that your Creative will do its best to accommodate different conditions, and may look a little different from the preview, depending on the device, the screen size, and whether the screen has been turned to the side.When you’re finished editing and would like your changes to appear on the app, click Publish in the bottom-right.For information on how to set up the rest of the Mobile App SDK, see Mobile App Feedback Projects.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/mobile-notification-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!Mobile notification creatives are part of the Mobile App SDK, also known as Mobile App Feedback Projects. Notifications can be used to prompt users to engage on feedback within or away from the app, which is especially relevant when you want to catch users as they are exiting the app.Mobile notifications work by creating a banner-style in-app notification. Once the user clicks this, they will be taken out of the app to the linked survey in an external mobile browser.Once you have access to this feature, the Mobile Notification is available alongside other Creatives.Once you click Create Creative, there are three options that you can customize: Title, Description, and Delay. Because these are banner-style notifications for mobile devices, there is a set style each operating system defines that Qualtrics cannot override, limiting color and font options.When you’re finished editing and would like your changes to appear on the app, click Publish in the lower-right.For information on how to set up the rest of the Mobile App SDK, see Mobile App Feedback Projects.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/responsive-dialog-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!The responsive dialog is a creative type available for Website / App Feedback projects. This creative type enables you to make accessibility compliant creatives that are responsive to different device sizes.The responsive dialog creative provides accessibility features out of the box, without the need for additional JavaScript based updates that were required in the past.Once you have access to this feature, the Responsive dialog is available alongside other creatives.Once you create your responsive dialog, there are six areas that you can customize before setting up your intercept: Size & Style, Message, Buttons, Logos & Images, Animation, and Translations.In the Size & Style section, you can customize the overall look and feel of the creative as follows:These are the options that appear if you do not use an embedded target, and leave Display survey directly in the dialog deselected.When you select Display survey directly in dialog, the survey will be embedded on the creative, instead of linked with a button. To test the full and accurate experience of the survey in the creative, use the bookmarklet. See Test Intercepts for more.Selecting this option removes the Message and Buttons tabs because you will no longer have a message or buttons on the Responsive Dialog, aside from what is already set in your target survey. Selecting this option also means you have different Size & Style settings:Qtip: If you’d like to make the responsive dialog creative automatically scale to a larger size, add additional questions to your first page of the survey or add additional spacing to your survey. To make the responsive dialog smaller, move questions to other following pages, add page breaks, or decrease the spacing within your survey.If you would like to import a survey theme into the creative’s style settings, click Use a template.Themes are created by the Brand Administrator for the use of users in their brand. Select a brand from the dropdown menu, then click Import. If you would like to add a theme to this list, reach out to your Brand Administrator for more information.Importing a theme template will adjust the following settings for the creative:In the Message section, you can the configure the Headline and Description that shows up on your creative. The headline should generally be a short phrase that captures the visitor’s attention, while the description gives more detail as to why the creative has appeared to them.The font will be adopted from the website that displays the creative. For both the Headline and Description, you can customize the actual text, font size, and font weight.In the Buttons section, you can configure options specific to the number, appearance, and target for each button.In the Logos & Images section, you can specify one or more images/logos to include on your creative.You can choose to upload a separate image for Mobile or Desktop, so that different images will be displayed depending on whether the creative is seen on a Mobile or Desktop browser. You can also upload the same image but with different resolutions to optimizing the display on either type of device browsers.To make the image accessibility compliant, you also have the ability to specify the Alt Text to go with the images. (Alt Text is a feature that allows screen readers to describe an image to visually impaired users.)In the Animation section you can choose the type of animation (Fade or Slide In)  you want for your creative as it appears on the screen.As needed, you can preview your animation settings on this screen as well, by clicking on Preview Animation.You can add translations for all the text in your responsive dialog. See the Translating Feedback Buttons & Responsive Dialogs page for step-by-step instructions.As you configure the responsive dialog creative, you can preview how the creative will look on different screen sizes (e.g., desktop, mobile and tablet).As you add changes to the responsive dialog creative, please be sure to periodically save your work by clicking on the Save button on the bottom-right hand corner, just above the preview area.Responsive dialog creatives can can be used with standard intercepts. Just make sure that when you set the intercept’s Creative, you select the responsive dialog creative under the Responsive Dialog section.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step 2: Preview & Edit ...Once you've defined the features and levels you'd like to analyze, it's time to create your conjoint project! Log into Qualtrics and navigate to the catalog.MaxDiff TURF SimulatorThe MaxDiff TURF simulator allows you to simulate how respondents would react to different packages. To learn more about TURF, how it is calculated, and how best to use this data, see the TURF Analysis support page.
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/feedback-tab-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!The feedback button is similar to feedback tabs and sliders, enabling you to make accessible creatives responsive to different device sizes. This creative makes it much easier to quickly add feedback buttons for your websites.Once you have access to this feature, the Feedback button is available alongside other creatives. You can choose to build your feedback button with the guided Website Feedback setup, or you can build your feedback button on its own by scrolling down to the piece by piece section.Once you select the Feedback button, you’ll have the option to name your creative.In the Look & Feel section, you can customize the overall look and feel of the creative as follows:All the above options can be separately configured to control how the feedback button will display for desktop web vs. mobile web browsers – using the Web (Desktop) or Mobile web tabs.For Mobile web, there is also an option to completely disable this creative, if needed. Select Don’t show this button on mobile browser to turn it off for mobile.In the Survey display section, you can control how the actual survey shows up once the user clicks on the feedback button.The survey display options for Web (Desktop) are:The survey display options for Mobile web are:Add translations for your button text. See Translating Feedback Buttons & Responsive Dialogs for step-by-step instructions.As you add changes to the feedback button creative, please be sure to periodically save your work by clicking on the Save button on the top-right hand corner, just above the preview area.Once you are ready to publish your creative, click on Publish. This will make it so that you can push the creative live to your mobile app.Feedback button creatives can be used with standard intercepts. Just make sure that when you set the intercept’s creative, choose the specific creative under the Feedback button section.Attention: If your feedback creative has different options than what is displayed on this page, or if it was created before September 27, 2019, chances are it is an entirely different creative called the feedback tab (not the feedback button). This is an older creative that is technically a different creative than the one described on this page. You can no longer create the older Feedback Tab, although if you created one in the past, it will never be deleted or disabled.However, we encourage you to create a new feedback button and try the experience described on this page. This new version is user-friendly and accessible without the need for additional JavaScript-based updates that were required in the past. For example, you can easily set different desktop and mobile options right inside the creative, instead of having to use separate creatives customized with unique actions in an intercept.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Website / App Feedback Techn...Qualtrics Website / App Feedback helps organizations measure and enhance the experience a web visitor has within their digital media. Present cool graphics on your website with links and embedded surveys to get feedback on your visitors' experience, let them know about your latest deals and promotions, and more!Deployment SectionWhen you're finally ready to deploy your Website Feedback project on your website, head over to the Deployment section of the Settings tab. Here, there are also several options you can adjust before deploying.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/creatives-tab/creative-types/pop-over-creative/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Pop Over is an excellent way to grab your visitor’s attention. It’s also one of the most commonly used Creatives. Pop Overs can be used for a variety of purposes, including displaying notices, advertisements, invitations, or special offers.Example: The Pop Over pictured below is used to collect feedback from visitors after they have browsed the website for a specified amount of time.Pop Overs are active Creatives, meaning visitors must interact with your Pop Over before they can proceed to the rest of your website. Because of the way a Pop Over interrupts visitors, visitors are more likely to follow-through with the desired action (for example, if you want them to complete a feedback survey).The Pop Over is an embedded window that appears on your website, overlaying your page content. It can be animated and you can have it display anywhere on the page.As with all website content, there are pros and cons to using a Pop Over. Take the following considerations into account when deciding if this is the right Creative for your project.The following settings are unique to Pop Overs and are available in the Creative Options section.Pop Over Timing options function the same as all Creatives’ Timing Options. See the linked page for more information.When Animate PopOver is checked, the Pop Over will move across the screen into place rather than simply appearing in its final position.Once you’ve enabled the option you’ll see the following options:When enabled, the Shadow Box option allows you to draw more attention to your Pop Over by dimming the web page behind it.Example: The Pop Over pictured below becomes clearer and looks cleaner when the rest of the website is dimmed.Once you select Shadow Box, you will be able to adjust the shadow’s Opacity, Color, and Fade In. When selected, Fade In gradually fades the shadow on the page to the desired opacity, whereas when deselected, the shadow appears from the start.When Prebuild PopOver is selected, the Pop Over is built and hidden as soon as the page is loaded. This way when it’s time to display the Pop Over, everything is pre-built and can slide in smoothly. It’s best to leave this option checked unless your Pop Over contains media that is set to autoplay.The Display Automatically option ensures your Pop Over displays automatically. The alternative is to add JavaScript to your website that tells the Pop Over when to display.Qtip: The JavaScript method to trigger the Pop Over display iswhere SI_8DrhAAbacdefg61 is replaced with the ID of your Intercept.If your Pop Over has an Embedded Target, and this Embedded Target is a Qualtrics survey, check this option to have the Pop Over close automatically once the visitor finishes the survey.Previewing a Pop Over works the same as previewing any other Creative.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.MaxDiff TURF SimulatorThe MaxDiff TURF simulator allows you to simulate how respondents would react to different packages. To learn more about TURF, how it is calculated, and how best to use this data, see the TURF Analysis support page.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/fields-you-can-filter-by/ : Thank you for your feedback!Finding contacts and lists within the directory is made easier by filtering. You can use a simple filter to find a specific person, list, or segment, or you can build incredibly complex filters to be saved and re-used for later. When filtering your directory, there are many fields you can choose from to narrow down your search.When filtering by Contact Activity, Number of Lists, Survey Response, and Survey Status, the search will occur in the background instead of immediately. For these fields we recommend saving and naming the filter so you can easily access it when the search is complete.The search will be present in the tasks bar of your directory. Click Show results to see the contacts that match your filter criteria.The contact activity field filters by activity for each contact within a specified date range. You can filter by total emails, total invites, or total responses.The contact info field filters by basic contact info. The available contact info fields are:The embedded data field filters by embedded data within the directory. Use the dropdown to select existing embedded data fields or demographics.If you have embedded data saved in a date format, you can use a filter to search for future dates or dates that happened recently. To search by date, the date field must be in ISO-8601 format, with times in UTC. (I.e., YYYY-MM-DDT-HH:mm:ss+ZZZZ . More information about these symbols can be found on the Date Format Syntax support page).When filtering by date comparisons, you will be able to filter In the past “n” number of Days/Weeks/Months/Years or In the next “n” number of Days/Weeks/Months/Years.The mailing list field filters for contacts within or not within specific mailing lists. You can also select certain samples to search within the list.The number of lists field filters by the number of lists a contact belongs to.The opt-out status field filters by whether or not a contact is opted in or out of the entire directory (not a specific mailing list).The statistics field allows you to filter by various statistics, including:The survey response status field filters by the response of each contact to a specific survey. After selecting a specific survey to search within, you can filter by a specific survey question, response date, or number of responses to the survey.After selecting a specific survey, select Question. You can then filter your contacts by their response to a specific survey question within that survey.After selecting a specific survey, select Date of response. You can then filter your contacts by the date they responded to this survey.After selecting a specific survey, select Number of responses. You can then filter your contacts by the number of times they responded to this survey.The survey status field filters by the status of each contact within a specific survey. You can filter by survey completion or invite sent status.You can also filter by date fields when creating samples or automations, allowing you to filter by the survey status of each contact within a specific survey and specific time range. Date fields are not available when searching in the directory.The transaction field filters based on transactional data. Once you choose to filter based on transactions, you can then choose whether to filter by:In the example below, we filter by all 3.When creating a new segment, you will also be able to filter In the past “n” number of Days/Weeks/Month/Years. You can filter by a lot of different parameters when you’re filtering by date. This section refers to filters that can be built with embedded data, transaction date, survey response, and contact statistic conditions.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/directory-contacts-tab/adding-directory-contacts/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Directory Contacts tab contains all the contacts added to your organization’s directory. Any contacts added to a mailing list are added to this directory automatically, but you can also add people straight to the directory itself by using the Add directory contacts button.Whether you’re uploading a CSV or TSV of contacts or manually typing them out, there is certain information you must include for your contacts.If you have embedded data saved in a date format, you can use a filter to search for future dates or dates that happened recently. To search by date, the date field must be in ISO-8601 format, with times in UTC. (I.e., YYYY-MM-DDT-HH:mm:ss+ZZZZ . More information about these symbols can be found on the Date Format Syntax support page).Qualtrics makes it easy to check on the status of your contact imports and fix any errors that may have occurred. We provide a line by line file of each contact and information about whether it was imported correctly. This serves as a reference so that if your contacts fail to import, you can identify what the issue was, fix the file, and try again.To get a detailed status of your import:Below is a description of each field in the error report:Below is a list of possible status codes and their descriptions.Qtip: If contacting support for help, have your troubleshooting file handy.You can automatically add contacts into your XM Directory from any digital intercepts you may have created. More information on how to set up automatic contact creation in Website / App Feedback projects can be found on this support page.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/directory-contacts-tab/managing-a-single-directory-contact/ : Thank you for your feedback!When you are inside the Directory Contacts tab, you can edit individual contacts by selecting the checkbox to their left.When you select a directory contact, a menu opens to the right containing information about the contact.The Attributes section contains contact information such as the following editable fields:The “Summary” section contains the fields listed above. The “Demographics” section contains common demographic fields you may want to save to your contacts (which can be manually edited in the directory, or collected from certified questions). The “Embedded data” section displays the embedded data assigned to the contacts.Sometimes, instead of just editing a value, you’ll want to add a whole new embedded data field to the contact. Doing so is quick and easy.The Lists section has every mailing list, sample, and segment the contact belongs to. This section will display whether the contact was opted out of lists and segments, and gives you the option of changing this. You can also choose to just remove the contact from the mailing list.The Statistics section contains information on the number of times the contact has been sent invites, and when.When you click on a directory contact, you will be able to access a timeline of all the touchpoints with the contact. This is a great way to get a broad visual view of all the times you’ve contacted someone, and all the feedback they’ve provided.The timeline is only viewable when you select one contact at a time; selecting multiple contacts will hide this feature.Once you select the desired contact, the timeline will appear on the bottom-right, no matter what section of the contact information menu you are on.Click a touchpoint icon to learn what type of touchpoints occurred on that date.More details can be seen about each touchpoint when you open them up, as explained in the next section.Click the arrow on the upper-right of a contact’s information menu to visit their touchpoints in greater detail.Click the icons to learn more about a touchpoint.A survey invitation or a plain email will provide information on the survey sent, whether the email was opened, the date, and more.A survey response touchpoint will actually show you the contact’s response! Scroll down through the response to read all the answers provided.Contact actions can be accessed by clicking the wrench next to a contact’s name in the menu.These actions include:Opting a contact out of the entire directory will prevent them from receiving any mailing from any list they are a part of. They also will not be able to receive emails sent to just them. You can reverse this at any time by opting them back in.Once you’ve selected the contact(s) you wish to opt out or opt in, click the dropdown and select either Opt-out or Opt-in.A warning window will ask if you’re sure.Contacts can be opted-out on multiple different levels. See Opt Out Behavior to see how these levels interact with each other.In Qualtrics, you can be opted-out of messages on multiple levels. This section will explain the various opt-out levels, and how contacts can be opted-in and opted-out of these levels at any time.The directory contains all contacts for your organization. It is the highest level that a contact can be opted-out of.When a contact is opted-in at the directory level, they will receive messages from you unless they are opted-out on a more specific level (e.g., the contact is opted-out of a mailing list).When a contact is opted-out on the directory level, they will not receive any messages from you.To change the opt-out status of a contact on the directory level, see Managing a Single Directory Contact.Mailing lists and samples are collections of contacts in your directory. By default, contacts are opted-in to all mailing lists and samples they are added to.When a contact is opted-in on the mailing list or sample level, they will receive messages sent to that list. However, the contact will not receive any messages if they are opted-out on the directory level.When a contact is opted-out on the mailing list or sample level, they will no longer receive messages sent to that list. However, the contact could continue to receive other messages, either sent to the entire directory or to another list that the contact is in. Additionally, the contact could be removed from the list and re-added, causing them to be opted-in again.To change the opt-out status of a contact on a mailing list or sample level, see Managing Contacts in a Mailing List.Segments are collections of contacts organized by their attributes.When a contact is opted-in on the segment level, they will receive messages sent to that segment. However, the contact will not receive any messages if they are opted-out on the directory level.When a contact is opted-out on the segment level, they will no longer receive messages sent to that segment. Additionally, if a contact is automatically removed from a segment (due to its attribute changing) and then added to the segment again, then the contact will remain opted-out.To change the opt-out status of a contact in a segment, see Managing Contacts in a Segment.Deleting a contact from the directory removes them from the directory and all of the mailing lists they are in. Once you delete a contact, it is irretrievable.Once you’ve selected the contact(s) you wish to delete, click the dropdown and select Delete Contact.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/directory-contacts-tab/directory-options/ : Thank you for your feedback!Directory options is a dropdown menu that can be found in the upper-right corner of the Directory Contacts tab. It contains many important means of managing your directory contacts, such as the ability to export them, to set up automatic rules for list enrollment, merge duplicates, and manage embedded data.You can export all of your directory’s contacts in a file format of your choosing.To specify embedded data, simply select fields from the menu on the right. Selected fields are along the bottom of the menu.To remove fields, click the X next to their name.Say you have an ongoing survey that you run for several different cities. You get a lot of people requesting to be added to these surveys and wish you could upload them all at once to your directory instead of in separate contact lists.Automatic list enrollment allows you to automatically sort new contacts into certain lists based on various information about them. This feature affects existing contacts, but existing contacts need to be updated for the automatic list enrollment rule to take effect.Conditions in automatic list enrollment are similar to conditions in directory filters. The only difference is that the only fields you can base automatic list enrollment on are contact info and embedded data.After you have created rules, you will see them whenever you select “Automatic list enrollment” from the directory options.Click on a rule to modify it. You can also click Delete Rule on the bottom-right to delete it forever.Qtip: You may see an error stating that list selected doesn’t exist. It may be that the list was deleted, but before you change anything, keep in mind that another directory administrator may have created this rule, and the reason for this error may be that you don’t have access to the mailing list.At times, you may upload multiple copies of the same contact to your directory without knowing. You can combine these duplicates into one contact by using Consolidate duplicates in the directory options.If you’re finished your search, click Start New Search on the bottom-left to choose different fields for identifying duplicates.Manage Embedded Data under Directory options allows you to edit the embedded data fields themselves, not just the values. From this window, you can delete embedded data, rename it, or merge multiple fields.The Directory settings option will redirect you to the Directory Settings tab. See the following pages for more on the options you can find there:Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/lists-tab/creating-mailing-lists/ : Thank you for your feedback!Before you can send out invitations for your surveys, you need to create mailing lists. Mailing lists are lists of your directory contacts that you can send emails to. You can create mailing lists either through a file upload or manually.Unlike contacts in the directory, mailing lists are not visible to the entire organization. However, many of the steps described in adding contacts to mailing lists are similar to adding contacts to the directory. Every contact added to a mailing list will automatically be added to the directory. See available fields listed on the Adding Directory Contacts support page.Once inside your contact list, you can choose to upload contacts through a file upload or manually.Often, you may find yourself collecting demographic or transactional data, and you’ll want to either update existing mailing list members or create new lists of new contacts based on information given in a survey response.The XM Directory task feature, located inside the Workflows tab, can help you set up this process so that mailing lists are automatically created or updated as responses come in.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/lists-tab/creating-mailing-list-samples/ : Thank you for your feedback!Samples are groups of people from the same mailing list. They can be useful in pilot testing by splitting mailing lists into sub-groups.Much like mailing lists, samples are not visible to the entire organization.Sampling criteria allow you to decide the conditions under which a contact is added to a sample. These conditions are set the same way as they are in directory filters.You can filter samples by almost every kind of field. See Fields you Can Filter By.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/segments-tab/ : Thank you for your feedback!Segmentation is the process of dividing the contacts in your XM Directory into different groups, based on demographics, needs, priorities, common interests, and other psychographic or behavioral criteria. XM Directory allows you to easily define segments based on these attributes.Once you’ve created segments in XM Directory, they can be used across Qualtrics in many of the same places that mailing lists and samples can. However, the benefit of segments is that the group of contacts is more dynamic in nature because contacts can be added and removed based on changes in their attributes.Distribute surveys through email or SMS to segments. You can also use segments for digital intercept targeting.You can also distribute surveys to segments from inside the Distributions tab of a survey.As segments are created, you and other directory managers will be able to see them in the Segments tab of the directory.Once a segment is created, all contacts in your directory that meet the conditions will be added to the segment. Segments are refreshed within 24 hours, so that as new contacts are added to the directory that meet the criteria, or contacts are updated so they no longer meet criteria, segments are updated accordingly. You can also manually rebuild the segment.The segment will search through existing directory contacts to build the segment. This may take some time, especially if your directory has many contacts, so you can safely leave the page while the segment is being generated.You can create segments directly from your CX dashboards through spotlight insights. For more information on how to use CX spotlight insights, visit the Spotlight Insights (CX) page.Setting the criteria for a segment is similar to building filters in XM Directory. You can set criteria for your segment based on XM Directory information and survey responses. You can learn more about the available XM Directory fields and how to build condition sets at the links below.List of criteria you can use:How to combine criteria:When segmenting contacts, it is important to track core groups that create value across the company. The XM directory provides templates that leverage common segmentation into valuable insights.In addition to creating segments based on XM Directory information, you can create segments based on survey responses. This allows you to segment your contacts based on their responses to your surveys. Follow the steps below to use survey criteria in your segments.The segment will search through existing directory contacts to build the segment. This may take some time, especially if your directory has many contacts, so you can safely leave the page while the segment is being generated.The segment trends chart makes it easy to identify segment membership trends including new contacts and lost subscribers over time.Segments are refreshed within 24 hours. This means that as you add new contacts to the directory that meet the segment’s criteria, or as contacts are updated so that they no longer meet criteria, the segment will take note of these changes and incorporate them once a day by default.However, if you do not want to wait, you can rebuild the segment at any time.The segment may take some time to rebuild. Feel free to leave this page while it loads.Qtip: There may be a little bit of time between when your tasks are shown as Complete and when the updates are actually shown in your segment.You can change the criteria for an existing segment. Once you do this, the segment will automatically rebuild itself, incorporating the appropriate contacts and removing those that do not fit the new criteria.You can edit a segment’s criteria by using the dropdown and selecting Edit.Or, if you’re inside the segment, click Segment Options and select Edit Segment.Managing a contact in a segment is mostly the same as managing it in the directory. See Managing a Single Directory Contact for more information. In this section, we’ll cover functionality unique to segments.You can opt-out contacts on a segment level. This means that the contact will not receive messages sent to that segment. However, they can still receive messages sent to the entire directory, or to a mailing list that they’re opted-in to.To change the opt-out status for a contact in a segment, click on the contact and go to the Lists section. Then, click the menu button and Opt-out of segment to change their opt-out status.
You can also change the opt-out status of many contacts in your segment at once by following these steps:Contacts can be opted-out on multiple different levels. See Opt Out Behavior to see how these levels interact with each other.Copying segments can be useful if you plan to make a lot of similarly-formatted segments, and only need to change a few criteria at a time.You can copy a segment by using the dropdown and selecting Copy.Or, if you’re inside the segment, click Segment Options and select Copy Segment.From there, you will be given the exact same criteria and can edit it before you finish creating your new segment. Don’t forget to give your segment a new name.You can delete a segment by using the dropdown and selecting Delete, or, from inside the segment, by clicking Segment Options and selecting Delete Segment.Once you have created segments in your directory, you can use these segments to build filters and widgets in your CX Dashboards. You just have to enable them first.Once this finishes loading, you will see Segments mapped in your dashboard data. You will then be able to add segments to widgets or add dashboard filters.As contacts are added to or removed from your segments, you can automatically set off different tasks, such as sending notifications (such as emails or Slack messages), creating tickets (in Qualtrics, Freshdesk, or elsewhere), and much, much more. You can also set workflows when a contact opts into or out of a segment.See Experience ID Segments Events for more details.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/lists-tab/managing-contacts-in-a-mailing-list/ : Thank you for your feedback!Once your contacts have been uploaded to a mailing list, you are welcome to edit their information, remove them from the list, opt them in and out, and much more.When you select a contact, a menu opens to the right containing information about them.The information in the menu is almost exactly the same as the contact information menu in the Directory Contacts tab, except where otherwise noted below.The Attributes section contains editable contact information. The Opted In status refers to whether the contact is opted into the mailing list, not the entire directory.Changes made to the contact information will be reflected in the directory, too.This section also contains embedded data saved to the contact. Here the values can be edited by highlighting or clicking into them.This section only contains information for mailing lists other than the one you are viewing. For example, if you are looking at Mailing List 1 but the contact is also in Mailing List 2, then only Mailing List 2 will appear in this section. If the contact is only in Mailing List 1, this section will be blank.The Contact Stats section contains information on the number of times the contact has been sent invites, and when. This information only applies to invitations sent to this mailing list. If the contact belongs to another mailing list, those statistics will be excluded here.The touchpoint timeline along the bottom only displays data for the contact for this specific mailing list. For example, if Dorothy’s in three different contact lists, and has been sent a different survey invite for each mailing list, only the selected mailing list’s invite and survey response will be shown.Otherwise, this timeline works exactly as it does in the Directory Contacts tab, including the fact that it is inaccessible when you select multiple contacts at a time.Contact actions can be accessed by clicking the gear next to a contact’s name in the menu. You can also edit multiple contacts in the list by selecting contacts with the checkboxes along the left and then using the gear dropdown on the far-right.Sometimes you may want to update contact information for many contacts all at once. You can update contact information in bulk by following the steps below:Attention: When uploading a file with blank values, it may remove values from your contacts. Blank values behave differently depending on your contacts infrastructure:Reach out to your XM Success Manager if you have questions about which contacts infrastructure your brand has.To edit the values of embedded data for a single contact, you simply click into a field and start typing. Then click Save.When you select multiple contacts at a time, you can select Edit embedded data or an embedded data value.Once you do this, the Contact Details window will open.You can change the default columns of contact information that are included in all mailing lists and in the directory.You can pin a column to automatically move it to the top of the list.You can remove a column in the editor, but you can also remove a column by clicking the gear next to the header and selecting Remove Column.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/lists-tab/mailing-list-options/ : Thank you for your feedback!When you are inside of a mailing list or a sample, there is a List Options button in the upper-right corner. This button allows you to manage your list in many ways, including by adding samples, exporting the list, renaming the list, and deleting the list.You can export your mailing list in a file format of your choosing.You can export all the contacts in a sample using the same workflow after going to List Options and selecting Export sample contacts.To specify embedded data, simply select fields from the menu on the right. Selected fields appear along the bottom of the menu.To remove fields, click the X next to their names.Selecting View list samples will take you to the Samples tab, where you can view a list of the samples you’ve created for this mailing list. You can also use the three dots on the right of each sample to edit, copy, export, or delete it.Message Triggers send out an email when a contact is added to a chosen mailing list. This email can go to any email address you want, or to the contact themselves.For more details, see the Message Triggers support page.Create Sample from List will take you to the sample creation screen.After you select Rename list, type the new name in the field. Then click Rename list.You can delete a mailing list or a sample by selecting Delete list/Delete sample under List Options.You can also find it under the dropdown arrow next to a list on the Segments & lists tab.Once deleted, these lists are irretrievable. The contacts will still exist in the directory and in any other lists they’ve been added to.Any distributions sent with this list will no longer have links in the history, and any link not clicked will be disabled; however, any links opened with responses in progress will still work and be able to submit a response complete with contact information.Completed survey responses will remain in the contact’s history. No response data will be deleted from the survey.The results of deleting a sample is the same as deleting a mailing list.Sometimes you may accidentally add the same email address to a mailing list multiple times. It’s easy to merge these duplicates together using Merge duplicate contacts.With this feature, you can only consolidate duplicates based on email addresses. You cannot identify duplicates using any other field. (E.g., last name, ID number.)Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/transactions-tab/transactions/ : Thank you for your feedback!Transactions allow you to record interaction data about events associated with your contacts by representing a specific interaction at a specific moment in time. Transaction data serves as a rich data source to understand how customers interact with your brand and offers deep insights into past behaviors. Once you have transaction data in Qualtrics, you can distribute surveys that are customized based on this transaction data, create segments, and target workflows based on transaction data.Example: The customer Barnaby Smith is a contact in your directory. He visits one of your stores in Provo, Utah and his purchase information is saved to your ERP, which is then imported into Qualtrics as a transaction. Later that week, Barnaby visits your store in Lehi, Utah and makes a different purchase, which is also imported into Qualtrics as a transaction. If this data was imported as standard embedded data, then we would not be able to send Barnaby two separate surveys based on his interactions since the embedded data fields would be updated to have the most recent values. However, since we used transactions, we can save information about both of these interactions without overwriting any data. Each interaction data value can be used in a survey when a distribution targeting a specific transaction is triggered from the Distributions tab or via API.To save transaction data in Qualtrics, you can import a file containing your data. This section covers how to format your file so it imports correctly into Qualtrics. When saving your file, make sure you’ve saved it with UTF-8 encoding.Qualtrics provides a template file with the correct formatting. We recommend you use this file to get started with importing transactions. To find the template file, click Download a sample template while creating your transactions.
After downloading the file, open it in a spreadsheet editor such as Excel and make any necessary changes. The following sections cover required and recommended fields.
In your file, you must have the following fields:You will not be able to import transactions if you are missing the above fields.In addition to the above required fields, we recommend you include the following fields to ensure an organized and high-quality directory:In addition to the above recommended fields, you can include embedded data in your transaction uploads.A transaction group is simply a collection of transactions. You can import a file with your transaction data to save in Qualtrics.You can search your transaction groups by transaction group name at the top of the Transactions page. You can sort the table of transaction groups by name and creation date by clicking the field name in the transactions table.
To view the transactions within a transaction group, click the group name.
You can then use the Transaction group options dropdown to perform the following actions:
After opening your transaction group, you can view more information about a single transaction by clicking the transaction. A window on the right hand side of the page will open with more information.
The Profile tab contains more information about the contact associated with the transaction. You can view all contact data and attributes in this window, and search for a specific field by using the search bar at the top of the window.
The Touchpoints tab contains a touchpoint timeline for the contact. Click on an interaction to expand it and see all associated transaction data. The transaction data associated with this specific transaction group will be listed under the “related” section, and any historical transactions for the contact will be listed below.
If needed, you can delete a single transaction from your transaction group. To delete a transaction, click the three dots next to the transaction and then Remove this transaction information.
In addition to importing transactions right inside Qualtrics, you can also create and manage transactions through the Qualtrics API. Check out the following API documents for more information:Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/distributions-tab-iq-directory/send-emails-in-iq-directory/ : Thank you for your feedback!Instead of making you go back to your survey to distribute invitations, XM Directory lets you send emails right from the Distributions tab. Here, you can send plain emails or survey invites to a mailing list, a sample, a segment, or even a single contact at a time.Attention: In order to comply with the United States federal CAN-SPAM Act, it is advised that you include an opt out link in every email that you send to individuals outside of your organization. There are no exceptions to this requirement when sending emails to individuals outside of your organization. As a Qualtrics user, you will need to ensure that you are complying with the local legislation.If you’ve removed your opt out link, add it back using the piped text menu.Qtip: If you have access to multiple directories, make sure you’ve selected the correct one before you try to send distributions. Otherwise you might not be able to find the contacts, lists, or segments you want to distribute to.The Edit buttons will disappear when your distribution has sent. Click Return to Outbox to go back to your outbox. Here you can start another distribution or manage past distributions.Customizing email messages in XM Directory is very similar to how it is done in the Distributions tab of a project.One of the main differences is that part of the rich content editor is hidden under a dropdown, as shown below. This rich content editor does not include inline questions.For additional assistance, see the following pages:When selecting the survey you want to distribute, you can change the link type of the link to the survey, and you can change the expiration.The link type determines how contact information is recorded in the survey and whether the respondent can respond more than once to the survey.See more about Link Types on the Email Survey Invitations page.The link expiration determines how long links last until they cannot be used to access the survey anymore.Once a link has expired, this cannot be reversed.You can also send emails to an individual contact in a mailing list. Once you have reached the Select Recipients page, select a mailing list, and then select Send to Single Contact.Once you’ve moved to the next page, you can select the contact you wish to email. Remember that you can only choose one at a time, and that only members of the mailing list are shown.After selecting the desired contact, click Send to Single Contact to proceed with your email or select Choose New List to choose another mailing list instead.Do you need to send a message to your mailing list, but not necessarily a whole survey? You can send emails without surveys.Everything about creating an email without a survey is the same as a survey invite, except that on the Select a Survey page, you click Send emails without a survey.Emails without surveys can still be tracked in a contact’s history.Attention: In order to comply with the federal CAN-SPAM Act, it is advised that you include an opt out link in every email that you send to individuals outside of your organization.At any point while creating a distribution, you can cancel it. Go to the X in the upper-right of the page.If you leave the Distributions tab, you can come back and resume where you left off by clicking Resume Distribution. You can also erase this distribution and start over by going to New Distribution.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/distributions-tab-iq-directory/export-unique-links-in-iq-directory/ : Thank you for your feedback!Instead of emailing contacts from XM Directory, you can also create a spreadsheet of links for a single contact or for each contact in a mailing list, sample, or segment. Personal links like these allow you to distribute your survey using a method outside of Qualtrics.The type of links generated by this option are personal links. Personal links can save information about the contact with their survey response. However, they can only be used once.Personal links get a distribution history  just like email distributions do. Responses to be completed with personal links also appear in the directory contacts’ individual history.To learn more about how these kinds of links function, see the Personal Links page.Qtip: If you have access to multiple directories, make sure you’ve selected the correct one before you try to send distributions. Otherwise you might not be able to find the contacts, lists, or segments you want to distribute to.You can also generate links for an individual contact in a mailing list. Once you have reached the Select Recipients page, select a mailing list and then select Send to Single Contact.Once you’ve moved to the next page, you can select the contact you wish to generate a link for. Remember that you can only choose one at a time and that only members of the mailing list are shown.After selecting the desired contact, click Send to Single Contact to proceed with creating your links or select Choose New List to choose another mailing list instead.Importing Evaluators from th...In addition to importing evaluators to your 360 project from a CSV or through manual import, you have the option to import evaluators directly from the directory. Importing evaluators from the global directory is useful when:Preparing Your Participant F...When importing participants into your Employee Engagement project, there are a few important things to keep in mind. For example, every import will need the following columns:Exporting & Importing C...This feature is primarily for advanced users familiar with conducting conjoints on other platforms. This tool allows you to export a design file containing the explicit design of the conjoint, down to every available choice combination (and disregarding exclusions).Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Employee Directory Import Au...Users often wish to sync their employee (HRIS) records with Qualtrics using automations that bring that data into Qualtrics on a regular schedule. For example, you may wish to import content from a hosted daily file drop, all under the most safe and secure transfer methods.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/distributions-tab-iq-directory/sms-distributions-in-xm-directory/ : Thank you for your feedback!Qualtrics SMS distributions help you reach your audience through mobile devices and collect on-the-go pocket feedback. You can distribute surveys in two different ways through SMS: as a “2-way” interactive survey where respondents text their replies to each question, or as a link to the survey sent to the respondent’s phone that can be opened in a mobile browser.Instead of having to return to a specific project, XM Directory lets you send SMS distributions right from the Distributions tab of your directory.Details on SMS distributions sent right inside the Distributions tab of a survey can be found on the SMS Distributions support page. Please note that the act of distribution and distribution history differ slightly in the survey and in XM Directory. We will cover details specific to XM Directory on the rest of this support page.Here is a list of resources that are relevant regardless of whether you’re distributing from the survey or XM Directory:You need to purchase SMS credits to send SMS surveys through Qualtrics. This section will cover the various factors that influence how many credits are consumed when sending SMS surveys. These include the recipient’s country, the length of the message, and the characters included in the message.For more details on credit consumption, see SMS Credits Consumption. For more details on credits pricing, see SMS Credits Pricing.When you go to distribute through SMS in your directory, you’ll be able to see the credits available to your account.2-Way SMS allows you to send surveys to contacts as texts to their phone. Your contacts can then text their responses to questions.First, make sure 2-Way SMS is available in your country.Phone numbers need to be formatted a certain way when you upload them in a mailing list. For example, you need to include the country code. For more, see Importing Phone Numbers.You also need to make sure you’ve made your survey compatible with 2-Way SMS, because not all Qualtrics features are compatible with 2-way SMS. See Survey Design for more details.You can distribute an invitation to any survey using SMS. With this distribution method, you text a link to the survey to your recipients, and they can open the link in a mobile browser on their phone.Links sent in these kinds of distributions will be individual links. That means the survey response can reference other information saved with the recipient in the mailing list, such as embedded data or contact fields.You can send reminder and thank you texts if you are distributing survey invitations with SMS. Reminders and Thank Yous are not available for 2-way SMS.Reminder texts only go to respondents who are either halfway through the survey, or never started it. Thank Yous only go to respondents who have finished the survey.You can view past SMS distributions, distributions in progress, and distributions scheduled for the future in the Distributions tab of your directory, when you go to the Text messages (SMS) section.Once you click a past SMS distribution, you’ll see the following information:You can download the distribution history for a specific SMS distribution. This allows you to see each respondent in the distribution and view their status for the survey. More information about downloading distribution history can be found on this page.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Migrating from Distribution ...Qualtrics is deprecating Distribution Reporting to replace it with the XM Directory Respondent Funnel. Respondent Funnel is easier to set up, supports more contact fields, and is designed to be more reliable and scalable by allowing XM Directory metrics, transactional data, Embedded Data, and even automation run status to be uploaded into CX Dashboards for transparency with all your key stakeholders.Distribution Reporting (CX)Distribution reporting enables users to report on response and completion rates over one or more surveys using any CX Dashboards widget. Additionally, the feature allows data from distributions to be filtered by embedded data stored in the contact list.Building Widgets (CX)Widgets dynamically present data in graphs, charts, and tables.Distributions Tab (Conjoint ...There are many different ways that you can distribute conjoints or MaxDiff projects. For example, you may want to email the survey directly to respondents. You may simply want to post a link on your website. You may also want to text a link to the survey. All of these options and more are available to you.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/website-app-feedback/common-use-cases/xm-directory-contact-frequency-rules-for-digital-intercepts/ : Thank you for your feedback!The XM Directory lets you establish contact frequency rules for any digital intercepts you may have created. This feature helps enable cross-browser and cross-device contact frequency control for digital intercepts. Before you can use this feature, you need access to the following:Qtip: There are a number of options to ensure that your logged-in web visitors already exist in XM Directory as contacts:Qtip: Additionally, if you enable the checkbox in Intercept options for contact frequency, but fail to set the externalReference using the client side JS code, then the intercept will behave as if contact frequency rules are not enabled. This means the intercept display will only be governed by the sampling and cookies-based prevent repeated display rules. However, if you pass in an externalReference using client side JS code, such that this ID does not match the Reference ID for any contact in your directory, the intercept will NOT be displayed. This is because we will not know how to apply XM Directory Contact Frequency rules for this user.To make sure your intercept is obeying your segment targeting, you will need to specify the JavaScript expression that is evaluated in the user’s logged in session to obtain the External Reference ID for the contact.Multiple XM Directory features for intercept targeting use the same JavaScript expression. The expression can be found on this support page.In order to retrieve the Reference ID for a mobile app intercept, you will need to make an update to your mobile app SDK. See the API documentation.Before launching your intercept on your website, you should test it to make sure the display based on contact frequency rules have been implemented correctly. For more information, see XM Directory Segments for Digital Intercept Targeting. Common Use Cases OverviewThis page covers common Qualtrics use cases. Often, these use cases employ multiple features to create a specific setup. Make sure you have permission to access all features associated with a use case. Contact your Brand Administrator if you need your account permissions changed.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.XM Directory Segments for Di...XM Directory allows you to target the display of website and app intercepts to specific segments of users, as well as obtain segment- and journey-specific insights. With the combination of the XM Directory and Website / App Feedback, you can engage with your highest-value customer segments for specific experience measurements. An event in your visitor's XM Directory touchpoint timeline will be created each time your intercept is displayed to your visitor.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Intercept Options SectionEach intercept you create will have a set of general display options found by clicking the Options section. These options include Sampling, Repeated display prevention, and Randomization.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/automations/contact-import-automation/ : Thank you for your feedback!Users often wish to integrate their contact records with Qualtrics by uploading files to a Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) server, or to an HTTPS file hosting service, so that Qualtrics can regularly import these records to their Qualtrics accounts. Users may wish to import these records as contacts, then schedule survey distributions for those contacts, all under the most safe and secure transfer methods.With contact import automations, you can create, configure, update, test, and review your own automation jobs, which streamlines your contact management. When the automation is scheduled to run, it’ll process any designated files that have not been processed by the automation yet, including newly uploaded files.You can set these up in the Automations tab of the Directories page.When you reach Configure Import Source in the contact import automation, you tell Qualtrics the location of the contact data you would like to import. You have a few options.Qtip: When setting up an SFTP connection, we recommend your IT team Allowlist the Qualtrics IP Ranges. See Allowlist Qualtrics Servers.PGP encryption is an optional step for contact import automations to encrypt the data you send to Qualtrics. See PGP Encryption for more information about using this feature.After you decide the source of your contact data files, you need to specify the folders where these files are saved so the automation knows where to retrieve them from.This section covers two parts of the contact import automation: Map Data Fields and Select Mailing List. This is where you decide what fields will be imported into Qualtrics from your contact files, how they are formatted, and what specific mailing list the imported contacts will be imported to.Qtip: Transaction dates are the dates a transaction occurred. Dates will be assumed to be in UTC unless the time zone is explicitly included in the date value. If the date column is empty, the transaction date will be set to the current date. If the date is invalid, the row will be failed. Here’s a list of compatible time formats:Automations support the ability to send multiple distributions from a single contact import. This is accomplished by linking survey distribution automations to a contact import automation. Linked distribution automations will send survey invitations based on the distribution automation’s settings as soon as the contact import automation finishes.You can link your contact import automation to any number of distribution automations as long as the total number of your automations does not exceed 100.Example: You have customers from the UK in both distributions. In order to avoid contacting them multiple times, you add a condition to one of your distributions to avoid including contacts with a UK email address.The final steps of a contact import automation include determining who is emailed when an automation runs, and then enabling the automation. This encompasses the Run Summary Recipients and Review portions of the automation.There may be times that you want to modify the fields included in the contact import automation. For example, maybe you realized you forgot to include a patient address column in your contact imports, and now you want to save patient address information in future contact imports.The example file that you upload in the Map Import Fields section determines the embedded data fields that will be uploaded to Qualtrics. This means you can exclude column headers to skip over them, or you can use the exact name and spelling of a field to include it in future imports.To change the fields included in an import:Qtip: Transaction dates are the dates a transaction occurred. Dates will be assumed to be in UTC unless the time zone is explicitly included in the date value. If the date column is empty, the transaction date will be set to the current date. If the date is invalid, the row will be failed. Here’s a list of compatible time formats:Once you have created automations, you can add more by clicking New Automation in the upper-right.Qtip: When managing past automations, you can click the contact import automation and then click View File to see the files that were imported.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Creating & Editing Ques...Creating and editing questions in a 360 survey works the same way as it does in the Survey Platform. The main difference is that there are fewer question types available for 360 surveys than there are for standard Qualtrics surveys. Visit the Question Types page for more information on the available question types.Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Exporting & Importing C...This feature is primarily for advanced users familiar with conducting conjoints on other platforms. This tool allows you to export a design file containing the explicit design of the conjoint, down to every available choice combination (and disregarding exclusions).Org Hierarchies Export &...In the Org Hierarchies section under Hierarchy Tools, there are several options for importing and exporting different information into your hierarchy. You can change your hierarchy with an imported CSV, and more.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/automations/file-import-sources-for-contact-automations/ : Thank you for your feedback!With contact import automations and employee import automations, you can streamline your directory management. When the automation is scheduled to run, it’ll process any designated files that have not been processed by the automation yet, including newly uploaded files. However, before you can do that, the automation needs to know where to pull your files from.The file source for contact import automations and employee import automations can be:The Qualtrics File Service is a secured file store API that allows you to upload files for this automation to import. You may upload a file to an HTTPS endpoint, which will be provided in a grey box (shown below), as multipart form-data.When the automation is scheduled to run, it’ll process any files that have not been processed by the automation yet, including newly uploaded ones.To use the Qualtrics File Service, you’ll need to call the HTTPS endpoint provided. If the file is generated from the system, you’ll want to provide the API documentation and the following example implementation to your IT or Software Engineering team to integrate with our service.Example: This example is in cURL format. See the API Overview support page on how to generate an API token.
For Mac and Unix users:For Windows users:Example: This is a Request Example. See the API Overview support page on how to generate an API token.You can also manually manage uploaded files using the Qualtrics API. The following links explain how to interact with the Qualtrics File Service API:At times, these API calls will ask for an automationId. Qualtrics will provide you with this information, formatted as AU_XXXXX.Now that you’re done setting the Qualtrics file Service as your import source, it’s time to finish creating your contact import automation.Users often wish to integrate their contact records with Qualtrics using Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP). For example, you may wish to import content from a hosted daily file drop, and then import and schedule survey distributions for those contacts, all under the most safe and secure transfer methods. This section goes over how to connect a contact import automation to your own SFTP server.When the automation is scheduled to run, it’ll process any files that have not been processed by the automation yet, including newly uploaded ones. When a file is processed, it is removed from the SFTP server.Connecting to an SFTP server requires a series of SSH handshakes to coordinate the encryption used between the server and the automation. In order to establish a connection, the SFTP server will need to have at least one cipher for each cipher type that matches a cipher supported by automations. Below is the list of ciphers supported by automations grouped by the cipher type.Supported Key Exchange Ciphers:Supported Mac Ciphers:Supported Encryption Ciphers:If the SFTP server does not support the appropriate ciphers, we recommend using one of the other import sources presented on this page.Now that you’re done setting up an SFTP server as your import source, it’s time to finish creating your contact import automation.You can use your Google Drive or Dropbox account as file storage for your contact import automations. Your login information for these services will remain private; OAuth File Storage allows an end user’s account information to be used by Qualtrics, without exposing the user’s password. This account information is used to connect to file storage from Automations in XM Directory, behaving similar to an SFTP setup.When the automation is scheduled to run, it’ll process any files that have not been processed by the automation yet, including newly uploaded ones. When a file is processed, it is removed from the OAuth file storage.Now that you’re done setting up an SFTP server as your import source, it’s time to finish creating your contact import automation. Best Practices for XM Direct...XM Directory is a central database that contains rich profiles of your customers and prospects, combining their operational and experience data. With XM Directory you can deliver personalized experiences at scale through the use of Segments, Journeys, Dashboards, and more. Keeping contact data up-to-date is crucial to ensure you are always targeting the right contact groups at the right time.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Preparing Your Participant F...When importing participants into your Employee Engagement project, there are a few important things to keep in mind. For example, every import will need the following columns:Exporting Response DataYou can export (another word for "download") all of your participants' responses to all the questions in your survey. When you export data from Qualtrics, you can save data to your computer for analysis in another software, to share the file with a trusted colleague, or even to import back into another survey. Each row of the file is a different respondent, and each column is a question of the survey they answered, survey metadata (e.g. Recorded Date, IP Address, etc.), contact fields, and any embedded data you may have recorded for each respondent.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/automations/distribution-automation/ : Thank you for your feedback!Distribution automations regularly send out survey invitations to a list of contacts. You can set these up in the Automations tab of the Directories page.Users often wish to import contacts from a hosted daily file drop, and then schedule survey distributions for those contacts, all under the most safe and secure transfer methods. If a distribution automation is linked to a contact import automation job, only the contacts imported from the most recent import automation run will be sent invitations.Automations support the ability to send multiple distributions from a single contact import. This is accomplished by linking a survey distribution automation to a contact import automation. Linked distribution automations will send survey invitations based on the distribution automation’s settings as soon as the contact import automation finishes.You can only add one contact import automation to a survey distribution automation.Automations can send distributions in three different formats: Email Invitations, SMS Invitations (links sent over text), and Two-way SMS (survey is sent and answered over text).This page goes over how to set each up with a survey distribution automation. For more on how these distributions work aside from the steps covered in the automation, see Email Survey Invitations and SMS Surveys.This option emails the survey invitation to the contact list.An SMS invitation is when a link to a Qualtrics survey is sent as a text message. The recipient then opens the survey in their mobile device’s browser.The text will be sent to the number in the Phone column of the contact import. When uploading recipient phone numbers, make sure you follow the correct formatting and adhere to country restrictions.Two-way SMS is when the survey questions are texted to the recipient, and the recipient responds through text. Make sure your survey is compatible with SMS before relying on this option.The texts will be sent to the number in the Phone column of the contact import. When uploading recipient phone numbers, make sure you follow the correct formatting and adhere to country restrictions.You can add reminders to your automation so your recipients don’t forget to take the survey. Reminders only go to recipients who didn’t start their surveys, or who started their surveys but didn’t finish. You can add more than one reminder, or skip this step altogether.The final steps of a survey distribution automation include determining who is emailed when an automation runs, and then enabling the automation. This encompasses the Run Summary Recipients and Review portions of the automation.Once you have created automations, you can add more by clicking New Automation in the upper-right.Migrating from Distribution ...Qualtrics is deprecating Distribution Reporting to replace it with the XM Directory Respondent Funnel. Respondent Funnel is easier to set up, supports more contact fields, and is designed to be more reliable and scalable by allowing XM Directory metrics, transactional data, Embedded Data, and even automation run status to be uploaded into CX Dashboards for transparency with all your key stakeholders.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/automations/managing-automations/ : Thank you for your feedback!With contact import automations and survey distribution automations, you can create, configure, update, test, and review your own automation jobs, which streamlines your contact creation and survey distribution. Edit your existing automations, delete them, enable them, or disable them in the Automations tab of your Directories page.You can change the setup of any of your automations by clicking the dropdown and selecting Edit Automation. Use the search bar to search for an automation by name or ID.Qtip: You can also do this by clicking into the automation and clicking the blue Edit Automation button.Clicking Edit Automation will take you back to a page where you can change the different steps of the automation by selecting Edit next to a given step in the righthand menu.The option Start Manual Run will allow you to run an additional automation outside the current schedule.The option you see will vary depending on whether your automation is active or inactive. Pause Automation allows you to temporarily pause the automation. You can then resume the automation whenever you desire by selecting Resume Automation.By clicking the dropdown and selecting Rename Automation, you can rename your automation.By clicking the dropdown and selecting Delete Automation, you can delete your automation.Click the name of an automation or select View Run History from the dropdown to view when it has run in the past. From this page, you can also pause and resume automations.Once automations have run, they will be listed here with information about the time they began and ended, how many contacts were imported or invited (based on whether it is a contact automation or distribution automation), the duration, and the status.The status can either be success or failure. Failures are generally due to incorrect settings, such as the wrong SFTP server being referenced, incorrect username and password, and so on. You can click on a run in the table to see more details regarding the specific failure and how to resolve it. You can click Retry Run to manually run the automation. If this button is gray, there are no files for the automation to upload.Grouped runs are automation runs that happened in the same 24 hour period.You can change the order of your past automations using the Sort By dropdown on the upper-left.When you click on a contact import automation conducted in the past, you can click View File to see the files that were imported during this automation.The Run Options button in the upper-right has the same two options as described above: Pause / Resume Automation, and Start Manual Run.Would you like team members to be notified whenever this automation takes place? You can send a summary of the automation each time it is completed while setting up your automation with the Run Summary Recipients step. You may edit your recipients at any time.Click the X in the upper-right to return to the main page of the Automations tab.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/automations/automations-best-practices/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Automations tab in XM Directory is a one stop shop for streamlining contact imports and survey distributions. Within Automations, you can set up a process that will import contacts on a regular basis from your database, send out survey invitations to a mailing list on a recurring schedule, or link that process so that contact imports automatically trigger a survey. However, there are a lot of options available to you – while this makes for limitless possibilities, it’s understandable to need a little guidance.This page will be focusing on best practices and common use cases for automations.When setting up your contact import automation, you will need to tell Qualtrics the specific location and files to look for in your SFTP server. By default, the automation will choose All Files that have not already been picked up by the server.However, your SFTP server may contain multiple mailing lists that are part of different projects. Instead of creating different file paths for all your projects, you can add a specific prefix or suffix to your relevant files and denote them in Qualtrics.The file’s naming convention is up to you, but we usually recommend including the name of your project and the creation date of the file as its name, and then noting the relevant project name as the suffix or prefix. For example, your file could be called transactional_survey_project_mmddyyyy. Then, in the automation, you would note that the file name prefix is transactional_survey_project.Automations ask for Run Summary Recipients. This will send an email to one or more recipients every time the run finishes, noting whether it was a successful or failed run. Because this will send an email every time the import finishes, we recommend setting up a specific email domain on your end that will receive all these emails, and set up a filter in that email to forward any failed runs to relevant stakeholders. These emails can be used in troubleshooting by Qualtrics Support if you need help diagnosing why a run was not successful.If you are using contact import automations and survey distribution automations to streamline the process of sending invites whenever more contact are added to a mailing list, it is imperative that you link the automations. Failing to link the automations and instead setting them up separately may result in the issues described in this section.If you set up a contact import automation and set up a survey distribution to send to that specific mailing list without linking the two automations, the survey distribution will send to the entire contact list.Example: You have a mailing list import that uploads into a mailing list named “NPS Mailing List” every day. You also have a separate distribution that sends “NPS Survey” to that list every day.On day one, you have a list that gets uploaded into “NPS Mailing List” that then receives the NPS Survey.On day two, a new list gets uploaded to the NPS Mailing List. If these automations are not linked, all the contacts within “NPS Mailing List” will receive the “NPS survey,” meaning half the list will get a brand new survey link a second time.If emails that bounced the first time are contacted again, this could inflate your bounce stats; if you have contact frequency rules enabled, this could increase your skipped distributions. Sending too many emails to the same recipients can also upset them, increasing the likelihood they opt out of receiving survey invitations.Many contact import automations are set up with some fields marked as Transactional Data.If you successfully link the contact import and distribution automations, Qualtrics will know to send transactional survey links to those contacts that were imported, and these fields will be saved in the contact’s information in XM Directory and within the survey’s data.If the contact and distribution automations are not linked, however, the transactional data specified in the contact file may not show up correctly in your survey data. This is because the distribution automation was not told to look for transactional data in the contact list.If you are using automations to send survey distributions to contacts imported by the SFTP automation, it is highly recommended that these are linked by following the instructions in the setup for both of these automations.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/pgp-encryption/ : Thank you for your feedback!PGP encryption is optional for response import automations, response export automations, contact important automations, and the extract data from sftp files task. PGP is an extra means of encrypting and protecting your data before you proceed with your automation, and will require you work with your IT team. They will need to select a PGP encryption software, such as the PGP Tool, the GPG Tools, or the GPG utility. If you are generating the import files from a script, they should utilize a GPG/PGP library particular to the language of the script.Encryption and decryption steps can vary slightly by feature.Select Encrypt files using PGP. Paste the public key for your method of PGP encryption. This key must be either 2048 or 4096 bit in size.Features that have this functionality:Here is an example PGP Public Key. Note the spacing and line breaks, which must be correct in the pasted key. The key must also be either 2048 or 4096 bits. Select Decrypt files before importing using PGP and then Download public key. Your IT team will need to use that public key to encrypt import files before uploading them to the SFTP server.You can verify the integrity of the key using the public key fingerprint presented in the gray box.Features that have this functionality:Select Use PGP to encrypt your files and then Download public key. Your IT team will need to use that public key to encrypt import files before uploading them to the Qualtrics File Service or Google Drive. Then, when Qualtrics executes the task, we will decrypt the files with the key provided.You can verify the integrity of the key using the public key fingerprint presented in the gray box.Features that have this functionality:When setting up PGP encryption for a contact or employee directory automation, choose Yes to encrypt files and then Download the public key.Here’s a screenshot of PGP encryption in a contact import automation:
The following features have the option to use PGP encryption:Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/account-library/library-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can store surveys, graphics, messages, and other file types within your Qualtrics libraries. You can access this content by going to the Library page.There are 6 types of content that can be stored within the Library:When you first enter the Library page, you will see the items in your Personal Library. This is a library created exclusively for you, where content you personally create or add will be stored for future access. Your Personal Library content is available for you to view, edit, copy, and use in any of your surveys.In addition to your personal library, many organizations choose to set up user groups to facilitate content sharing. For each group of which you are a member, you will see an associated library where you can access content shared by all group members. Depending on the specific permissions of the group, you may also be able to view, copy, edit, and use content in the user group library. Only Brand Administrators have the ability to create groups, so reach out to them if you would like a group created.Organization libraries are user group libraries that are available to all users within the organization. These libraries do not have restrictions for who can access the content saved within them. To create an organization library, a Brand Administrator will need to create a user group and set the Available to All Users option to For this brand. See this support page for more information about creating an organization library.You will also see the Qualtrics Library, full of example surveys and other content, which you are free to use in your research.To switch between libraries, select a library from the left-hand panel.Each library has certain default folders and sorting functionalities. For example, at the top of each library, there is a resource type dropdown that allows you to quickly search for different types of content.You can create as many folders as desired and each folder can have as many subfolders and sub-subfolders as you need. Use the resource type dropdown in conjunction with your custom folders to quickly and easily find items.In the above example, only surveys in the January folder are being displayed. All other resource types are excluded.If you need to search for an item, you can use the Search bar to quickly find items by their name. Just type any part of the item name into the box and Qualtrics will search your current folder.For custom folders in your library, you can perform the following actions:The resource option menu is within the 3 horizontal dots, located to the far right of each resource in the library.For content in your library, you can perform the following actions:You can also click on any resource in your library to view additional information and options.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/account-library/survey-library/ : Thank you for your feedback!If you use similar surveys, blocks, or questions repeatedly, Qualtrics can store templates of these in your library for later use. Saving content to your library is a great way to help minimize repetition in your work. The library also contains templates from any user group libraries that you have access to.In addition to your personal and group libraries, you also have access to the Qualtrics library which contains common survey questions and some unique question types. After storing your content, you can insert it into any survey or, in the case of survey templates, use them as reference surveys in your survey flow.See Library Options for information on the resource item menu.For instructions on how to create a survey from one saved in the library, go to the creating from the survey library support page.Qualtrics has created a library that contains a common set of survey questions built by our XM Scientists team. For more information about the content available in the library, see the pre-made Qualtrics library questions page.To access the Qualtrics library:Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/survey-module/editing-questions/question-types-guide/pre-made-qualtrics-library-questions/ : Thank you for your feedback!In addition to providing survey templates, Qualtrics has saved some common questions you can put into your survey. For example, have you ever needed your respondents to select a date, but didn’t know how to make a clickable calendar? Have you ever wanted them to select from a list of countries without having to find a list of every country yourself? The Qualtrics library questions are here to help!Several categories of surveys are available to you. Their content differs based on these categories.Certified questions leverage Qualtrics best practices to generate high-quality, standardized data to support better insights. By standardizing metrics — for example, age, gender, industry, location, CSAT, etc. — an entire XM workflow can be created that delivers better value in the form of unified datasets for comparative analysis, benchmarks, and continually updated and standardized profiles. Certified questions are available in 13 languages, supporting your global needs: English (US), English (UK), Japanese, German, French, Spanish (Latin America), Spanish (Spain), Portuguese (Brazil), Korean, Italian, Dutch, Chinese (Traditional) and Chinese (Simplified).Certified demographic questions use prebuilt questions that collect demographic data from your respondents to automatically push that data to the respondent’s contact entry in your XM Directory. Additionally, demographic data you already have about your respondent will be prefilled in certified questions.In addition to global demographic questions, you can add certified questions that are country or region specific. To add these questions to your survey, follow these steps:Below is a table showing how each global certified question maps to which attribute in your XM Directory.Region specific demographic questions vary slightly for different regions, and fields for each region will have different attribute names in XM Directory and different possible values. For each region you will see a version of the following 4 questions:Certified library questions are prebuilt questions that take advantage of Qualtrics methodology to collect standardized data for easier comparisons. Most certified questions are locked from editing to ensure consistency, but some questions have the flexibility to be customized for your organization’s language and use. These questions allow you to change key sentence wording, like company or product name, while still leveraging Qualtrics best practices like benchmarking and standardization.Certified questions are locked from being edited when added to a survey. The only fields that can be edited will have a dropdown menu or text box that allows you to input values specific to your organization.Customizable certified questions do not automatically map to attributes in XM Directory. If you want to save these fields in XM Directory, you have to complete the following steps before you collect data:Example: Embedded data for employee experience questions related to equity, belonging, and authenticity.Below are examples of some of the most useful pre-made questions. You can find the questions discussed below by typing the Block/Survey name listed in the Search bar.Here is what it looks like in the library:Here is what it looks like in your survey:Qualtrics has developed a library of questions for EX surveys. Navigate to the Employee Experience certified questions to get started. For Engagement surveys, check out the EX 25 – Annual & Pulse certified questions for an additional set of Engagement questions that are built using Qualtrics certified methodology. Translating Conjoints &...It's important to gather feedback from lots of different populations, and to appeal to respondents in their native language. You can translate conjoint and MaxDiff projects so that they are accessible to respondents from all over.Customizing a Frontline Feed...Once you’ve created your Frontline Feedback project, you can customize it to fit your organization’s needs. The Settings tab controls the customization options for your Frontline Feedback project. Here, you can edit what the feedback form looks like, create custom request statuses, and share the project with your users. Information about each setting is below.Return to Work Pulse 2.0 (EX...The Return to Work Pulse helps you quickly understand how and when your employees can confidently return to the workplace. Whether teams have been working from home, staying off site due to temporary business closures, or staying home due to health concerns, the Return to Work Pulse helps HR, Operations, IT and Leadership teams address each employee's unique needs to make a safe and positive transition back.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Retention PoliciesOrganization rules or privacy laws such as GDPR may require you to delete or anonymize collected survey data after a certain period of time. Retention policy allow you to set a brand-wide policy for how long Qualtrics stores survey response data. Every 24 hours, Qualtrics processes survey responses older than the configured threshold. Retention policies are brand-wide policies that determine how long Qualtrics stores survey response or contact data. Each time the policy runs, Qualtrics deletes responses or contacts older than the configured threshold. For response deletion policies, you can also set exceptions allowing for individual surveys to have a different retention period.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/account-library/graphics-library/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can use the library to store and manage any images you’ve uploaded to Qualtrics. You can use these graphics in your surveys and messages.You can upload JPG (or JPEG), PNG, and GIF files that are 16 MB or smaller. For the best experience, we recommend using PNG files.See Copying Content From Your Library to a Group Library for instructions on how to copy graphics from your library to a group library.See Library Options for information on the resource item menu.See Insert a Graphic for instructions on how to add your graphics to your surveys.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/account-library/files-library/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can use the library to store and manage any non-image files you’ve uploaded to Qualtrics. For example, you could store security or consent forms for respondents to view or download during your survey. These files can be attached to a survey for respondents to download or they can be stored in your library for future use. You can upload non-executable files up to 16 MB in size.See Copying Content From Your Library to a Group Library for instructions on how to copy graphics from your library to a group library.See Library Options for information on the resource item menu.There are many types of files you can upload. Depending on the type, your file will be sorted into one of eight categories:See Insert Media for instructions on how to add these files to your surveys.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/account-library/message-library/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can use the library to store and manage any messages used for your surveys, such as invite emails and end of survey messages. Each time you make a message in Qualtrics, such as a reminder email or custom validation message, it’s saved in your library. You can also create messages directly within the library for later use.See Copying Content From Your Library to a Group Library for instructions on how to copy graphics from your library to a group library.There are ten types of messages you can make. Creating the right type of message will help you when trying to find or use the message later.See Library Options for information on the resource item menu.If you want to translate your messages, you can do that in the library. Any message type may be translated. See below for steps on how to translate your message. To ensure your survey respondent is seeing the proper language, follow the steps in the Specifying the Participant Language of the Translate Survey page.For some third-party vendors helping you with translations, they may prefer to work in a spreadsheet or in XML rather than typing the translation directly into Qualtrics. The following instructions will allow you to download a document where you can add all language translations for your message and upload it back into Qualtrics. This will translate your message into all of your desired languages at once, instead of translating the message language by language.Having problems uploading the file? Visit our CSV/TSV Upload Issues support page for troubleshooting tips.Qtip: If you’re editing a message, you can also click Add / Edit Translations.Qtip: When you open the translations page, the message will be loaded in your account language, so long as that message is available in that language. If the message is not available in your account language, it will default to another language the message is available in.To speed up your survey translation process, you can use an automatic translation by clicking the percent complete icon for any untranslated message.Because machine translations are prone to error, we don’t recommend using this as the final translation you share with participants. Rather, this feature can save time when working with a professional translator, as they will only need to clean up this existing translation rather than starting from scratch.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/following-up-on-tickets/ : Thank you for your feedback!After ticketing is all set up and new tickets are being created, it’s time to follow up with your respondents! This page goes over the many ways you manage your tickets in the follow-up stage, including contacting the respondent from the ticket, changing the status of the ticket, and more.To get started, you can select Tickets from the navigation menu shown on every page of the site.Click on each ticket to expand it. Once expanded, you can start making edits and following up.
To collapse the ticket, click anywhere in the title.
In the top-right, you can change the status of the ticket. Closed indicates that a ticket is no longer active.
When a ticket is assigned to someone, they see that ticket in their account’s Follow Up Page. This person or team will also receive an email letting them know the ticket’s been assigned to them. This is a good way to let your teammates know they are responsible for a task.You can change who the ticket is assigned to by clicking on Assign To, typing the full name of a user or team, and pressing  Enter on your keyboard. You can choose anyone in your organization’s Qualtrics license. The Ticket group is a separate dropdown field next to this.
The priority of a ticket is how urgently you want you or your team to address the task described in the ticket. Change the priority by clicking Priority and selecting a new one.Root cause is a field that can be used to trace the source of a ticket’s issue.Root cause is not included in every ticket. When creating a ticket task, it can be added by entering values into the Root Cause field.Then, on the Follow Up page, click the Root Cause dropdown to select one before closing a ticket.The advanced options for root causes let you determine if certain ticket statuses require or prohibit a root cause. To access these options, click Show Advanced Options below the root causes box. Note, these options will not appear until you’ve created at least one root cause.
You may then choose the following:Ticket summaries can help you understand why the ticket’s been made and you’re expected to follow up with it. This information can be especially helpful in Customer Experience programs.The number is the Score, whereas the text are the Comments.The administrator who set up ticketing in your organization may add important content to the summary of the ticket. If you do not see this section, it means no summaries were set up.When creating a ticket task, the ticket summary can be found after you enter priority and ticket owner.You are given the option to define a Score or Comments based on responses the respondent gave in the survey. These fields can be pulled from questions, embedded data, geoIP location, date / time, panel field (contact information), quotas, response ID, or “Response Link.”The best fields to load here will contain information that will help your ticket-takers understand why this ticket was created and why it’s important to action it. For example, open-ended feedback would work well as the ticket comments, whereas the CSAT rating the respondent gave your product could be the ticket score.Qtip: To base the ticket score on actual scoring you added to the survey, you will need to set an embedded data field equal to the score.You can view any ticket data attached to your ticket in this section. See the linked page for more details on this feature.You can view the survey response data attached to a given ticket. However, first you must make sure your tickets are set up to link the ticket data to related responses. Instructions can be found on the linked page.Clicking on Show Full Record shows the full survey response that was completed by the respondent, with the exception of the embedded data.Show Embedded Data allows you to see all embedded data captured in the response.The Activity section of a tickets includes any change that might have been made to the ticket. It includes emails sent, comments made, changes to status, priority, assignment, or root cause, and any sub-tickets that have been created.
If you have access to the XM Directory and a ticket is generated for a specific contact from your directory, you can view that contact’s information within the ticket itself.To view a contact’s information, click View Customer Activity on the ticket.
A window will appear that has the contact’s information. In the Profile section, you can see any of the contact’s attributes. This includes their first name, last name, email address, opt-in status, reference ID, phone number, language, and any additional embedded data.
The Touchpoints section contains all of the touchpoints, or points of interaction, for your contact. The touchpoint timeline relevant to the selected ticket will be listed first, and any other touchpoint timelines for the contact will appear underneath. You can click on any touchpoint to see more details about that specific interaction.
When you’re finished with a ticket, you may want to follow up with teammates who assisted you on the ticket, or the person you helped by resolving the ticket.Compose an email by clicking Send Email.Any emails sent through a ticket will appear in the Activity section of the ticket.You can only send these follow-up emails to one email address at a time.When composing your follow-up email, you can minimize or maximize the Send Email window to check information on a ticket, or to pause writing your email while you perform another action with your tickets.What happens when someone replies to an email you sent from the ticket? All replies are visible right on the ticket! Just check the Activity section.Whenever someone replies to a ticket email, the ticket owner will receive an email notification. However, they will not be sent the message directly. It is best to continue emailed communication through the ticket to preserve the ticket owner’s anonymity and to keep responses archived together in the same place.Your Brand Administrator can choose whether tickets reopen when you receive an email by adjusting inbound email status settings. This will make it easier for you to follow up with your respondents.If your organization does not have 2-way emails in ticketing enabled, you will still be able to send emails from tickets, but you will not see replies to that email in the ticket. You will also not be able to edit the noreply field in your emails, and you will not have access to inbound status settings related to 2-way emails. (You will be able to edit the reply-to email, from name, and from email fields.)To create a ticket email that you can use over and over again, follow the directions for Creating a Message in a Library. Change the message type to Ticket Messages.To load a message saved in your library in a ticket email, navigate to the ticket and click Send Email. Then click Load Message.Qtip: The ability to use library messages in ticket emails is also available in the XM mobile app. This option can be found under Email template when you go to send an email.If you are a Brand Administrator, you will be able to delete tickets by clicking on the trashcan icon.
Sub-tickets are tickets that link back to another, “parent” ticket. This is a great feature to use if you’ve discovered that one of your ticket issues actually involves several different tasks, which might require different teams or colleagues to resolve.For example, let’s say a customer indicates they were highly dissatisfied. Their feedback indicates that their experience with customer support was negative, but that they also have an issue with their sales representative. You can create a sub-ticket for the sales representative and another sub-ticket for the support representative, asking them each to follow up with the client separately.You can create a sub-ticket by scrolling down to the bottom of a ticket and clicking Create Sub-Ticket.From this window, you can designate a name for the ticket, to whom it is assigned, and add any additional comments you desire.If you are the owner of a parent ticket, you will be able to see all the sub-tickets created for the parent.Click the name of the sub-ticket to open it up. From this window, you can add comments, change the priority, change the assignment, and send follow-up emails. Brand Administrators can also delete the ticket by clicking the trashcan icon to the right of the ticket name.Because every sub-ticket comes with an ID just like a regular ticket, you can search this ID in the search bar on your follow up page to locate the ticket.The owner of a sub-ticket can view the parent ticket when clicking on the parent ticket link within the sub-ticket. They cannot edit this ticket, but they can leave comments on it.Sub-ticket owners cannot view other sub-tickets of the parent ticket, unless they are also the owner of those sub-tickets. This allows you to maintain privacy between different teams working on different tasks. There are times when following up on tickets that you may need to quickly navigate back to your dashboard.When inside your ticket page, you can return to a CX dashboard by clicking the View Dashboard dropdown on the upper-right and choosing the dashboard by name.When you are inside a CX dashboard, you can navigate to your tickets page by clicking the View Tickets button at the top of the dashboard. Where it’s located will depend on your page orientation (top or left).Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticketing-teams-roles/ : Thank you for your feedback!Your team consists of other individuals who are assigned to the same role as you. This allows administrators to set up teams of users to work on tickets. This also allows supervisors to check on the status of tickets for members of their entire team to see how they are doing.Users can assign any ticket to users in their brand.When reassigning tickets, please keep the following in mind:In addition to single users, you can also assign your ticket tasks to a team of users. When Brand Administrators go to the Follow-Up page, they can create these teams and manage who belongs to them.Users can change the status of a ticket if the ticket is assigned to them or their team. Administrators can change the status of any ticket regardless of assignment.To change the status of a ticket, click on the box under Status and change it to the desired status.
Tickets are usually assigned to just one user or team at a time. However, it is possible to assign tickets to users or teams based on Embedded Data that you set in the Survey Flow. This way, you can build a series of dynamic conditions in the Survey Flow off which you assign tickets.See the Dynamic Ticket Assignment page for instructions on how to set this up. This workflow requires that Tickets Task and the Survey Flow be modified.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/follow-page-options/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Follow Up page contains all the tickets assigned to you and any team you belong to. You can access it by clicking View all tickets on the ticketing bar at the top of your Projects page, or by selecting Tickets from the navigation menu.In addition to allowing you to follow up on tickets, the Follow Up page also contains options for searching tickets, exporting them, changing the format in which they display, and much more.On the top of your Projects landing page and the Follow up page, you will see a header with a series of metrics.Attention: All of the above metrics only include tickets personally assigned to you. Even tickets assigned a team you belong to do not count in these metrics.On the Follow Up page, tickets are listed below the metrics. From this section, you can perform a number of actions on each ticket, including changing the status of the ticket, adding sub-tickets, and more. For more information, see the page Following Up On Tickets.On the Follow Up page, you have the ability to filter and search for tickets.Adjust the filters to narrow the criteria on the page, or type key terms into the Search bar. The Search bar picks up on all ticket content, meaning you can type anything from the owner’s name to the ticket ID.Adjusting these filters also determines what tickets will appear when you export your tickets to CSV.Ticket Settings are only accessible to Brand Administrators. Here, you can do a number of things, including:Learn more on the Ticket Settings support page.All date columns correspond to the time zone you set on your account and are in a (YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS) format.Example:In addition, for each ticket status, there will be a first time entered, first time exited, most recent time entered, and most recent time exited.To access the Ticket Format, select Ticket Format from the Options dropdown.Each user can select up to six column headers to see on their tickets. To do so, they’ll select the plus (+) icon or select the new fields from the dropdown.A preview below the fields lets you see how the tickets will appear. If you are a Brand Administrator, changes to the ticket format will change for all users in your brand.Click Save to save changes.Available to Brand Administrators only, Manage Teams allows you to add or remove a team, as well as add and remove users from those teams. For more information about this option, visit the Teams & Ticket Assignment.Custom Ticket Status is an option that’s only available to  Brand Administrators and users with the Ticket Admin user permission. You create custom ticket statuses, determine what statuses each can switch to, and rename and edit available statuses. To access, click Custom Ticket Status under the Options dropdown.To create a new ticket status, click Add Status. A new one named New Status will appear in the left menu above the Closed (or equivalent) status.You can customize how tickets transition from one status to another.In the screenshot above, a ticket marked Unresolved cannot be changed to Open or Closed. That does not mean, however, that Open or Closed tickets cannot be marked Unresolved. You would need to edit the transitions for Open and Closed to set this behavior.Click a ticket status on the left to rename it.Click the move icon to the left of a status to drag and drop it into place. This changes the order that ticket statuses appear when users change the status.Click the X to the right of a status to delete it.When deleting a status, the system will prompt you to move the tickets from the status you are deleting to a different status.The Ticket Workflows option allows you to create Ticket Workflows. That means you can escalate tickets in a timely manner by reassigning them, changing the status of the ticket, or sending out a ticket reminder.The Manage Queues option allows you to create ticket queues. These allow your employees to pull tickets relevant at random, eliminating the chance people will grab the same ticket.The Ticket Forwarding option lets you automatically reassign new tickets being assigned to one person to another user when the first person is out of office.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticket-settings/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticket Settings are options Brand Administrators can enable for their entire brand. These settings determine what happens to a ticket when someone’s out of the office, whether users are allowed to email people from tickets, notifications, and more.Ticket Settings can be found on the Follow-Up Page, by clicking Tools and then selecting Ticket Settings.This option disables emails in tickets. This means no user can send an email from a ticket.Selecting Enable ticket forwarding feature for users will make it so that users can assign their tickets to someone while they’re out of office.Learn more about how to set this up and how users would forward their tickets on the Ticket Forwarding page.When you set up a Tickets Task, you can decide if you want people to be notified when a ticket is created that they are assigned to.However, you may also want people to be notified if someone manually reassigns a ticket to them. In that case, select Enable ticket assignment email notifications.Attention: If this option is not selected, then ticket owners will never receive a notification, even if you selected to send an email when setting up the Tickets Task.The option When inbound email is received: Send email notification will be unaffected, and continue to function as normal if selected.Sub-tickets are tickets that link back to another, “parent” ticket. They’re great for splitting a complicated or long-term goal task into several smaller tasks.When you select Allow users to create sub-tickets, you allow users in your organization to add sub-tickets to their tickets. If you deselect these setting, then no users in your brand, whether they are Brand Administrators or standard users, will be able to create sub-tickets.This setting is enabled by default.There is an option in the Tools menu that allows you to export all your tickets to a CSV. If you select Allow non-admin users to export tickets, everyone in the brand will be able to export a CSV of their tickets. If you deselect this setting, all Brand Administrators will still be able to export a CSV of their tickets, but no standard users will be able to.This setting is enabled by default.2-Way Emails in Ticketing are when, rather than just being able to email people from the ticket, users can also then see the entire email thread (including responses) right on the ticket. Since you want ticket owners to pay attention to these email threads, you can make sure the status of the ticket changes when a response comes in.Select Change ticket status to and use the dropdown menu to select the status you want the ticket to change to.2-Way Emails in Ticketing are when, rather than just being able to email people from the ticket, users can also then see the entire email thread (including responses) right on the ticket. Since you want ticket owners to pay attention to these email threads, you can send them an email when a response comes in on the ticket.Select Send email notification to ticket owner. This will result in the ticket owner getting an email notification whenever someone replies to the email they sent from the ticket.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticket-permissions/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticket group permissions allow for a more granular control of who has view and editing access over certain tickets. When specifying groups of users with access to certain tickets, you can add users manually or set up an automatic enrollment to make ongoing user changes easy to incorporate into your ticketing framework.Once you’ve created your ticket groups, it’s time to add users to them. You can manually add users, or you can set up automatic enrollment so that as users who fit a certain condition are uploaded, they are automatically added to groups.You can upload a CSV or TSV file to create your ticket groups. While uploading the file, you can also use automatic group enrollment to automatically grant the relevant ticketing permissions to the desired users in your license.Before creating your ticket groups, you need to create the file you will upload into Qualtrics. Your file should include the following:For every ticket group you create, there’s 2 levels of access, or “roles,” users can be a part of:Whenever CX users are added with the User Admin tab of any Dashboards project in the brand, you can include user attributes. These are additional columns of information that can be used to refine user data and permissions. In this case, user attributes can be used to assign  users to ticket groups so it’s faster and easier to add users in bulk.Once you’ve added attributes to your CX users, you can begin using automatic group enrollment.Automatic group enrollment adds current users to ticket groups at the time that you set up the enrollment. Newly created users will be automatically added to your ticket groups within a few minutes after their accounts are created.Example: Qualtrics can assign users with multiple values for a single user attribute to ticket groups based on just one of those values.If your organization has Single Sign-On (SSO) set up, you can use it to automatically assign users to ticket groups.Your IT team is responsible for establishing your company’s SSO. On your end, you and your team need to create an attribute you’ll use to assign roles.For ease of use, you might call this attribute ticket group. For each user, you could set the value of this attribute equal to the name of the group they should be assigned to. So if your colleague is supposed to be able to edit tickets for the Dublin office, his ticket group attribute should be equal to Edit Dublin. A colleague who is supposed to only view Dublin tickets would have a ticket group attribute equal to View Dublin.Once this attribute is established on your end, send the name of the attribute to Qualtrics Support. (Be sure to mention it’s for the SSO team!) You don’t need to include the possible values, just the exact spelling of the attribute’s name.Once Qualtrics has this information, you can make the necessary changes in ticket groups that will ensure the automatic enrollment.When creating tickets in Workflows, make sure to specify the group the ticket should be added to.When assigning ticket group, you can choose from a list of ticket groups, or you can pipe the value from a survey question, embedded data field, or contact information. The value of any field you pipe in must exactly match the name of the ticket group you want to add your tickets to.You can delete a ticket group and move all tickets in that group to a different group.Existing tickets can be manually assigned to a group using the Ticket Group dropdown.On the follow-up page, you can filter by ticket group for easier sorting.Regardless of whether they are assigned to you, you can find tickets from groups you belong to using the Ticket Groups dropdown.You can also find these tickets when adjusting Owner to Anyone.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticket-workflows/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticket workflows provide a means for escalating tickets in a timely and efficient manner. Make sure no ticket is neglected by ensuring tickets of a certain age are either reassigned, given a new status, or emailed to appropriate parties.Not only can you reassign tickets untouched since their creation, but you can reassign those being neglected by their owner. The focus on customer attention makes this feature ideal for any close-the-loop program.Workflows do not run on any tickets that have been closed. You can specify if you only want them to run for tickets set to in progress, open, or a custom status.The same workflow won’t execute more than once on the same ticket. More than one workflow can be applied to each ticket. Workflows are not project-specific unless specified in your workflow conditions.In the Action step of a workflow, you determine what will happen to tickets sent through this workflow. You can decide whether tickets are reassigned to another user when the conditions are met, if they receive a status change, or if an email is sent.If you chose to reassign the ticket, you will have to decide who takes it. You must select a specific person or a ticket data field that contains the Qualtrics username of the person you would like to escalate to.When using ticket data to reassign ticket owners, type the name of the ticket data in the field, and it will appear as would a name or team. You will only be able to select ticket data that appears on at least one existing ticket. The value of the ticket data must be the username of the Qualtrics user you want to re-assign to, which is frequently but not always the email address.If you have hierarchies enabled on your brand, you can also escalate a ticket to the parent or grandparent units of your organization’s hierarchy. See Ticket Escalation Using Hierarchies for more details.If you chose to change the status, you will have to select the status you want the ticket to change to.Schedule Email is exactly what it sounds like; when this action is selected, you can schedule an email to go out containing tickets that meet the defined conditions.See the Ticket Reminders support page for more information on how to set this up.Attention: You cannot retrieve a workflow once it is deleted!Go into the ticket workflows menu. Once there, highlight over the workflow you wish to delete. Click X to delete the workflow.Let’s say your company has a service level agreement (SLA) for how long it takes to address a ticket. You promise your clients they will only have to wait one week maximum for the issue in their ticket to be addressed and closed.You could start by creating a custom status that flags non-compliance with an SLA.Then, when setting your ticket workflow, you can set the condition to say that if a ticket that hasn’t been updated in 7 or more days, it is assigned a status of SLA non-compliant.When you select the Re-Assign Ticket action, you can choose the new ticket owner by Org Hierarchy.From there, you select the hierarchy you use in this workflow, then select the unit that should be forwarded the tickets. You can choose how many levels above the ticket owner’s unit the ticket should be reassigned to: Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticket-reminders/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticket reminders allow you to keep yourself and other interested parties up to date on their tickets. It can be a means of alerting managers to high risk tickets, reminding employees of open tickets, or even alerting a colleague without a Qualtrics account of the work yet to be done.Ticket reminders can be sent to anyone in your brand, but they can also be sent to the email addresses of colleagues who do not have Qualtrics accounts. You can also use dynamic ticket assignment through ticket data to determine who gets tickets.Click in the To field to see more options.The Ticket Owner option means that whoever owns tickets meeting the reminder conditions will receive a reminder. This recipient option thus also acts as a filter; Kate will only see tickets assigned to Kate, and June will only see tickets assigned to June.Select this option if you’d like a ticket reminder to be sent to the entire team. This option can be useful if a ticket is owned by a team rather than one person, or if the ticket has been assigned to a team by dynamic ticket assignment.If you have set up ticket data to be equal to a user’s username, you can use this ticket data to determine who will receive reminders. Similar to the Ticket Owner option, ticket data acts as both a recipient and a filter.A user doesn’t have to have a Qualtrics account to receive ticket reminders. You can also type email addresses you would like to receive reminders. This recipient does not act as a filter, and will receive any tickets that meet the conditions you set.Type the email addresses or names of users in the search box to find existing Qualtrics users you can send the reminder to.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticketing-queues/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticket queues are perfect for large teams working on tickets. Ticket queues prevent multiple people from working on the same ticket at the same time. They also manage assignment of tickets so that they only go to owners who are ready to work on a ticket.Once queues have been set up, you can navigate between ticket queues by choosing one from the Ticket Queue dropdown on the upper-left.Once inside the desired queue, you can click Assign me ticket from queue to automatically get a ticket from this queue.Tickets that match the following criteria are included in queues and can thus be assigned to people accessing those queues:Once a ticket is assigned to an individual, it is no longer in the queue.Conditions are important in determining when tickets are added to a certain queue. This section will go over the different components involved in building complex conditions.Conditions can be based on any of the following:After you add the initial condition, you can add conditions by clicking the plus sign ( + ) and remove conditions by clicking the minus sign ( – ).Conditions are joined by conjunctions and and or. In the example above, a ticket must be from the Bio 100 Registration project and have a Status of Open to appear in the Biology Department queue.Logic sets add another layer of organization to your conditions. They are sets of multiple conditions joined by and or or. In the example below, there are two logic sets: the content above the or, and the content below the or.Click Add Logic Set to add another logic set.Ticket queues function with ticket reporting in CX Dashboards. You are able to report on the name of the queue and the time the ticket was taken from the queue.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/ticketing/ticket-reporting-datasets/ : Thank you for your feedback!Ticket reporting datasets are the ticket fields you can report on in your dashboards; this includes information like status, ticket owner, priority, and so on, but it also includes various ticket data.Based on your organization’s needs, you can make multiple, separate ticket reporting datasets. This is so you can separate ticket data by the different programs or teams working out of your Qualtrics brand, limit the number of fields each team has to navigate through, and restrict a user’s access to data based on the program they belong to.This feature is only available to Brand Administrators, CX Administrators, or users with Qualtrics Ticket Admin permission enabled.The default dataset is created when ticket reporting is enabled for your brand. If your brand had ticketing enabled but not ticket reporting, then any tickets created before ticket reporting was enabled will not be included in the default dataset. To incorporate tickets created before the dataset was generated, you can adjust the tickets’ statuses.You can use the default dataset in your dashboard if it contains all the fields you need for your reporting. However, if you need to display additional fields in your dashboard, then create a custom dataset.Before you can set up ticket reporting, you must create a ticket reporting dataset.Ticketing data starts being recorded the moment the first dataset is created, meaning that when this is mapped to a dashboard, the data starts on the date of dataset creation. Once a dataset is created, the ticket data for all fields in the dataset will be available to use in a dashboard. If you create additional datasets and those datasets reuse fields from a previous dataset, then the data from those fields will be readily available to use in a dashboard. Any newly added fields that do not exist in any other datasets will not have data available to use in the dashboard until a ticket with that field is created or updated.See a list of all available metadata fields.Attention: A ticket must be created with your new ticket data field before you will be able to add it to a ticket reporting dataset. For example, if you add a ticket data field to a ticket and immediately try to map it to a ticket dataset, you will not be able to select the new ticket data field. Once a ticket using the new ticket data field is created, you’ll be able to add it to a ticket reporting dataset.Hover over a field. The move icon to the left can be used to drag and drop the field around the mapper. The delete icon ( X ) can be used to remove the field from the ticket reporting dataset.If the values of your ticketing fields don’t look correct – for example, labels being misspelled or wrongly capitalized on the dashboard, or numeric values not aligning as expected – you can recode them. To do so, open a ticket reporting dataset, find the field that you want to recode, and click the arrow to open the recode editor. Note that not all fields can be recoded.In the Recode Editor window that opens, specify the fields and their values. On the left, under Label, include the value as it currently appears in the ticket data (i.e., on the dashboard). On the right, under Recode, enter what you want to correct the value to.Recoding ticket fields works similarly to recoding fields in the Dashboard Data tab.Field types help you define the format of the data so the dashboard knows what widgets it can be added to. Field types for ticket data are similar to the field types for other dashboard data, but with a few key differences.You can consult the Field Type & Widget Compatibility Table when deciding what widgets to build with the data available.By default, all users and roles have access to all ticket reporting data. However, you can create ticket data restrictions to limit access to this data.Once ticket reporting datasets have been assigned to a user, they can go to the Ticket Data section of the dashboard settings to select the dataset they’d like to use in their dashboard. Click Add data to get started.The user can then proceed to create a ticket reporting page and add widgets to it.Once you’ve selected a dataset, you’ll be able to see the list of fields, but not edit them. To edit fields, use the pencil icon in the upper-right. You’ll be taken to the dataset editor on the Follow Up page.To switch your dashboard to a different ticketing dataset, use the swap icon to the left of the edit button.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/common-use-cases-voc/closing-the-loop/ : Thank you for your feedback!Put simply, “closed loop” customer experience is when you are able to respond directly to customer feedback. Whether you run a call center, a customer feedback program, or an IT team, Qualtrics has resources available to create all kinds of closed loop programs. But with so many features at your disposal in XM, it can be hard to decide where to start. This support page will help you set up users, ticketing, and connected surveys and dashboards for your closed loop program in Qualtrics.Creating a closed loop system requires you to set up the right users in your Qualtrics license. When creating (or editing) users, you’ll need to assign them the right permissions and / or user types. It can help by first thinking of all the kinds of users your program will need.How many surveys you include in your closed loop system will vary based on the needs of your program. We’ll go over some common examples in this section, but here are some general survey-building pages that can get you started:Chances are your program will need a place where everything starts. Where do customers submit support issues or product complaints? Where do employees or students request IT help or new equipment? Making an intake survey is the first step.When adding questions to your intake survey, consider the following:For an example of an intake survey, check out your Customer Success Hub in Qualtrics, or look at the check-in survey we built for our Ask the Experts setup at X4.Some other surveys to consider in your closed loop system:In the previous section, we mentioned that it’s important to think about the people who will be taking and resolving the tickets in your closed loop program. These are your representatives, the people who fulfill the requests described in the tickets.What are the possible teams, or groups, that will be addressing these issues? Think in terms of the types of issues your specialists are trained to resolve. You may have three teams taking IT tickets, but is there a difference in the type of issue each team can help with? Are they specialized in different products your company offers? Is there a team that can help with hardware equipment vs. one that troubleshoots software setup?Ticketing in Qualtrics has a ton of different capabilities. In this section, we go over how some of these features can benefit you and your ticket-taking teams. We split features up by the kind of user who can implement them.This section covers changes the person editing the intake survey will have to consider, especially during ticket setup.These are changes that will improve your ticket takers’ experience, and must be implemented by a Ticket Admin, CX Administrator, or a Brand Administrator.The most effective way to report on tickets is with CX Dashboards. For a guide to ticket reporting in dashboards, complete with example widgets, see the Ticket Reporting support page.To report on the data from an intake survey or feedback survey, you can also use CX Dashboards. Check out these introductory pages to get started.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/getting-started-vocalize/dashboard-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!You will be transported to the Dashboard Data tab inside your dashboard, which is where you link up a data source to your dashboard. We’ll go over this in detail in the next page, Step 2: Mapping a Dashboard Data Source.In the steps we just completed, you may have noticed that you didn’t create just one dashboard: you created a project with a dashboard inside it. But when do you decide to make a new project? When do you decide to just add more dashboards to the same project? It partially comes down to who you want to give access, and how much access you want to give them.Projects can only be created (or renamed, or copied, or moved, or deleted) by project administrators. But when it comes to the main dashboard stuff – editing widgets, filtering pages, making your fields perfect, and all the theming and ticket data and other settings – anyone can be given that access, regardless of whether they’re an administrator. What’s more, this latter group of people (called dashboard users) can be set up to have restricted access to data or even view-only capabilities. Project administrators will always have full editing capabilities and cannot be assigned restricted access.It’s ultimately your choice when to make a new project and when to add a dashboard to an existing project. Projects are often a larger organization tool for your dashboards. Similar dashboards should probably live in the same project. (Although you can always move dashboards between projects if you change your mind later.) It’s also worth noting that you can create multiple pages on a dashboard, and restrict users’ access by these pages of a dashboard. We’ll discuss this more in the lesson on sharing.Example: Your CX Program consists of two main initiatives: customer support experience, and website (digital) experience. Because of this, you create two dashboards projects: Customer Support and Digital.The Projects Page displays your dashboards projects and each individual dashboard you have access to. You can expand a dashboards project to see all dashboards within that project by clicking the arrow next to the dashboards project’s name.Your dashboard project type is Dashboards while a specific dashboard within that project is a Dashboard. Any dashboards that have been shared with you will be a Dashboard (shared).
You can take various actions on your dashboards and their projects from the Projects page by clicking the three dot menu for that dashboard. The options available to you depend on the type of dashboard you select.Insert a Downloadable FileSometimes you'll want to attach extra information for your respondents to download — like a consent form, additional reading, or report. By using our insert file feature, you can include a link in your survey that respondents can click to download any file to their device.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Adding Dynamic Org Hierarchi...This page will go over the steps for configuring dynamic org hierarchies so they can be used to filter data in CX Dashboards. Thus dashboard users will only be able to see data according to their level in an employee hierarchy.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/getting-started-vocalize/pages-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!Now that we’re inside the Dashboard Data tab, it’s time to talk about data sources. A data source is just the data you want to report on in your dashboards. They can be the data you collected in surveys, the data you upload, or contact data. Data sources are required in order to populate your widgets with data.When you add your first data source, many fields will be mapped automatically, and you can technically work with these default settings. But understanding data sources can also help you make edits that will enable the kinds of widgets you want to customize your dashboard with.Below are a couple of common examples of changes you can make in Dashboard Data.In the next section, we’ll break down fields so it’s easier to understand the kind of edits you can make to them.In this section, we’ll break down the parts of a dashboard field, highlighted in the screenshot above.This is one of the most important aspects of a field that you need to pay attention to. A field type is the format your data takes. Is your data number or text format? Are the values infinite (like a first name field) or finite (like a scale that only goes from 1-6)? The field type you choose changes the widgets that are available to you.Here’s a quick overview of the different field types:For a guide to changing field types and a table showing the widgets compatible with each field type, see Field Types & Widget Compatibility (CX).The name of the field. These field names can be pretty long by default, explaining both their source and the full text of the field name. For example, “Embedded Data – Department” instead of just “Department.” The field name you configure in this mapper decides the field name you see when choosing a field to map in your widget, so it can make the widget-editing process easier if you shorten these.Every field comes with values. If a satisfaction question is the field, the values may be:Or, if in a number format, this same scale may be:But what happens if you want to switch from the text of the satisfaction scale to the numbers? Well, first, you change your field type. But secondly, you can recode the values.The recode editor gives you the freedom to assign numeric values to labels and assign labels to numeric values. But that’s not all this editor is useful – you can also use it to group values, exclude values from analysis, edit the names of text values, and more!See Recoding Dashboard Fields (CX) for more details.To map a field is to specify where in your data source the field should draw its data from. When you add your first source, several fields are mapped automatically, so you don’t need to worry about this step. However, if you add a new field, you will need to map it manually. This is as simple as clicking the dropdown and selecting from the list of fields.Mapping is a fairly straightforward concept that is especially important when you work with multiple data sources. For example, if you run separate (but similarly written) CSAT surveys every year, you may want to merge fields, which means you make sure that for each data source you have, the same dashboard field is mapped. So your CSAT score for the 2020 and 2019 surveys both contribute to one CSAT field in your dashboard. See Managing Multiple Sources for more details.It’s important to clean up your data sources before you start to customize your dashboard widgets, and it’s even more important to do this before your dashboard goes live. However, you may not be able to help making data source updates after your dashboard is live.Some dashboard edits can make the dashboards temporarily unavailable. This means widgets may not show any data. This can happen in the following circumstances:Whenever you make dashboard data edits, it’s also important to consider the impact this may have on:Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Creating & Editing Ques...Creating and editing questions in a 360 survey works the same way as it does in the Survey Platform. The main difference is that there are fewer question types available for 360 surveys than there are for standard Qualtrics surveys. Visit the Question Types page for more information on the available question types.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Insert a Downloadable FileSometimes you'll want to attach extra information for your respondents to download — like a consent form, additional reading, or report. By using our insert file feature, you can include a link in your survey that respondents can click to download any file to their device.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/getting-started-vocalize/mapping-data-for-widgets-cx/ : Thank you for your feedback!Qtip: If you are not sent to your dashboard after you save your first data source, click the name of the dashboard in the breadcrumb bar.Now that you’re inside the dashboard, let’s go over the basics of where you are and how to get around. The numbers on the screenshots correspond to the numbers in the list.Qtip: Note that you can also navigate through the entire dashboard using your keyboard (use the Tab key to move forward, Shift + Tab to move backwards, and the Spacebar or Return/Enter key to select an option) and navigate and change filters with the keyboard as well.Qtip: Pages and additional options (9 and 10 in the list above) may be along the top instead of to the left, like so:Sometimes it’s easier to learn by example. We have a support page for every CX Dashboard widget, but rather than ask you to read each of those, let’s learn the basics of widget-building by making some of the most commonly used widgets.Number charts are a useful widget if you want to display a metric (in this case, NPS) and how it has changed over time.When collecting verbatims (or “open feedback”), you always want to map these fields as Open Text. From there, you have a few widget options you can use to display this data. Word clouds are a quick, popular choice. However, if you want to communicate more detailed information about verbatims and the customers who provided them, we’d recommend using a response ticker instead.Response tickers display a scrolling list of the responses your customers provided in addition to a numeric score, such as a CSAT, NPS, CES, or anything else you desire to highlight with their response. That way you can see both the rating a customer provided and the specific feedback they had about the experience.The simple chart is perfect for reporting how a metric such as CES (or CSAT, or NPS, or any other metric) has changed over time. In this example, we’ll show how the average CES changed, but you can use any metric you want.Qtip: If you have a CES benchmark you’re aiming for, add a reference line to your widget! Click the constant you created, select Based on value, and add your ideal CES.Sometimes you don’t necessarily want to show a change over time – you just want to know what the department’s CSAT is right now, and how it compares to the CSAT your department should have. Gauge Charts are the perfect widget to accomplish this!The rest of the values are up to the standards you have set. In our example, we consider CSATs 1 to 4 to be below expectations, 4 to 4.70 to be fair, and greater than 4.70 to be excellent.If you only want to judge when a CSAT has moved from “Good” to “Bad,” you can click the minus sign ( – ) next to any value to remove it. You can also add more value ranges by clicking the plus sign ( + ).Sometimes you’ll need to break out information by multiple levels. For example, let’s say we’re communicating call center data, such as number of calls. We can break this information out so we see these metrics by employees, managers, and locations. The widget best equipped to report this way is the pivot table.In this example, we work at a call center with 3 locations and 2 managers at each location. We want to see the number of support phonecalls, emails, and chat per manager and office location.This is what the finished product looks like:Users often like to see a breakdown of how many customers fit into each NPS group. While pie charts can be handy, people generally prefer to use breakdown bar widgets for this.In a few of the example widgets we made, we talked about filters. Filters can be incredibly useful for narrowing down data according to what your dashboard users are most interested in seeing. You can add filters to the whole page of a dashboard, or just to one widget at a time.Filtering doesn’t just mean permanently restricting data – it also means providing your users with the filters they might want to apply to their data.Filters you may add to a page or a widget for users to adjust as needed:Qtip: If you select specific values while editing your filter and then exit out of editing mode, the filter will be applied automatically for your dashboard viewers. In the below example, the value Sales was selected for the filter, “Department” When dashboard viewers go to this dashboard, the filter “Department” will automatically be set to filter for Sales.Filters you may add to a page or widget and lock, so no further adjustments can be made: Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/getting-started-vocalize/applying-dashboard-filters-cx/ : Thank you for your feedback!If you’re building a dashboard for your CX program, you probably want it to have on-brand theming. You can adjust your dashboard’s theme from the Theme section of your dashboard settings.Here, you can change default widget palettes, the background and header color, fonts, and more! Learn more on the Dashboard Theme support page.Every company has different metrics, or KPIs (key performance indicators), that it tracks in order to quantify its success. Sometimes these metrics are as simple as a CSAT or NPS, a measure we can ask customers to rate in a quick survey. Sometimes, though, these can get more complex, such as the creation of a percentage, custom scoring calculations, or composite metrics.Example: In our Digital CX program, we’re always striving to improve the quality of the website we’ve created. On each page, we provide a survey asking how helpful visitors found the material. We want to report the percentage (represented as a ratio) of visitors who accomplished their goal on our website. We can easily create this ratio as a custom metric, which lets us add it to widgets the same way we would an average NPS or a CSAT.Now that this custom metric is created, we can pull it into the metric field on any widget. We could map this ratio’s change over time, or even just pull it into a gauge chart to judge how it’s doing against the internal benchmarks we’ve set.For step-by-steps on how to create a custom metric and then add it to a widget, see the Custom Metrics support page.Many CX programs incorporate a “close the loop” program. Whether you’re running a call center support team or escalating customer feedback, “closing the loop” is essential to running a successful CX program. If your closed loop team uses ticketing in Qualtrics, you’ll probably want to build a dashboard devoted to this data. Here are some important things to keep in mind about ticket reporting.Mapping ticketing fields is similar in principal to mapping regular dashboard data – you have fields that you map to a certain type, which is then compatible with different widgets. But fields for ticket reporting are mapped from the ticket tools on a page called Ticket Reporting Datasets.Only someone who is a Brand Administrator and has editing access to a dashboard can map ticket data.Once the data’s mapped, it’s accessible to all dashboards in your brand. Hence, it’s important to apply restrictions to it so only the right people can edit or access the right fields.Be careful how you name, format, and remove fields from this page for the same reason.Ticket Reporting is done on a special kind of dashboard page.On ticket reporting pages, you have access to all the widgets the rest of the dashboard has access to, so you can build whatever you want. (Although if you’re stuck on where to start, we have some example widgets you can use as a reference.)For more information, see the Ticket Reporting support page, where we cover the process step by step.The time zone of every CX Dashboard is separate from your account time zone. Most CX Dashboards are set to GMT by default, but you can adjust this by doing the following:The settings will then be applied to your dashboard. Keep in mind that every dashboard’s time zone must be set separately.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/getting-started-vocalize/sharing-administering-dashboards/ : Thank you for your feedback!Now that we’ve customized our dashboard, it’s time to share it with the appropriate stakeholders. Remember when we were planning the dashboard, and thought about the people who would be using it? It’s time to return to the table we made earlier.This time, let’s think about the kind of data these users should have access to, and whether or not they can edit the dashboard. Think in terms of the needs of their data collection and their roles.RoleWhat kind of dashboard permissions do they need? Once you know what permissions would fit your personas best, we’ll be able to create roles for each persona.You have to be both a Project Administrator (often the person who made the dashboard project) and a Brand Administrator to perform the actions described in this section. This means you have access to the User Admin tab.It’s time to head back to the dashboard project to check out the User Admin tab. This is where we can add several dashboard users at a time.You can manually add or upload a file of all the users who will be using your dashboard. As you’re compiling a list of users, keep in mind their respective personas. Certain information is required for every user you’ll upload – for example, first name, last name, email address and, if you have SSO, Username – but there’s additional information you can include that can help restrict their dashboard access.User attributes, also called metadata, are additional columns of information that you include with your dashboard users. Here are some examples of user attributes you might want to include:If you want to use attributes to restrict user data, you need to make sure the survey responses (or CSV) acting as your dashboard data also contain these columns of information. Otherwise, the data won’t be correctly restricted when these users enter the dashboard.Be extremely careful with how you write the names for these fields in the user file and in the dashboard data. Between the dashboard data and the user attributes, there should be absolutely no differences in spelling, additional characters, or spacing between words. If it’s “Team Lead” in the user file, you should never change it to “TeamLead” or “Team-Lead” in the dashboard data.Create a role for each user persona you mapped out. Remember to add the appropriate dashboard and permissions to each role. Here are some highlights:User types are managed in the global Admin page. They can also affect the access that users in your brand have to ticketing and CX Dashboards.You can edit an individual user’s type in the Users tab.If you do not have access to the User Admin tab of a dashboard project, you can still share your dashboard with other users.You did it! You made your first dashboard and shared it with your colleagues. Remember that these steps are here if you ever want to start fresh with a new dashboard. Meanwhile, the rest of the support site has resources to help you dive deeper into more complex CX Dashboards questions and needs. Just use the search bar or the menu to the left to navigate CX Dashboards pages.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Rolling Calculations in Widg...Rolling calculations are a means of applying a metric over a set of data points composed of multiple periods. Options include rolling averages and rolling metrics.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/dashboard-settings-cx/dashboard-data/dashboard-data-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can add new fields or edit the automatically mapped fields after adding your first source to your dashboard data. This will edit how the fields appear or function on your dashboards.Once you have created your first dashboard, you will be asked to add a source. You will then be able to choose from any surveys or distributions you have in your account, or any external datasources, including contact data.Our data platform imposes a limit on the number of times a single data source can be used in active datasets.  Currently, a single data source can only be in 50 active datasets to guarantee timely data processing. For external data, the limit is 5 active datasets. These limits are subject to change over time as our platform and features grow.  If your datasource reaches this utilization limit, an error dialog is displayed while adding the source in the data mapper or copying the dashboard. After adding in your first data source, you can click on the Add Source button and select a different survey to add additional sources.Additional data sources will not be automatically mapped, so you will need to map their fields manually. While you can map as many data sources as you want into your Dashboard Data, you cannot map the same survey or data source twice. After adding in an additional data source, you can either merge data from both sources into the same field or keep the data separate.Unmapping a field is as simple as clicking the X to the right side of the field. Subsequently, the field will be grayed out.To map a field, click the down arrow to the right of any Not Mapped item. This will open a list of choices that will allow you to map to the appropriate field type.The field type and the question type must be compatible. In this case, the Country field should be mapped to the survey question pertaining to countries.You can merge data from multiple sources into the same field or keep the data separate. For example, you may want data from CSAT questions in 2 different yearly surveys to show up in the same widget, but want to separate your 2016 CSAT from your 2017 NPS score.Once you delete a field, the action cannot be undone. Additionally, deleting fields can break widgets that are using the field you wish to delete. Please use caution when deleting any fields.Once you’ve added your sources, you can use the Dashboard Data tab for advanced editing purposes like recoding your data or determining a field’s name and datatype.To learn more about advanced editing in the Dashboard Data tab, please see the following pages:Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Creating & Editing Ques...Creating and editing questions in a 360 survey works the same way as it does in the Survey Platform. The main difference is that there are fewer question types available for 360 surveys than there are for standard Qualtrics surveys. Visit the Question Types page for more information on the available question types.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/dashboard-settings-cx/dashboard-data/data-compatibility/ : Thank you for your feedback!In CX Dashboards, every field needs to be assigned a field type. Field types help specify the type of data mapped into the field and consequently determine which widgets the field can be added to.Use a number field type when the data is exclusively numeric.Text types are used to map text entry responses or for labels in non-text entry questions.Now that you know the difference between all the field types, it’s time to assign them to your dashboard fields.The table below will explain what widgets each field type is compatible with, as well as where the field type can be added. For example, simple charts allow you to add X-Axis Dimensions in addition to metrics like count or average. The type of data you can use in your Metrics isn’t the same as the type of data you can use in your x-axis dimension.Qtip: The items indicated by asterisks ( * ) are metrics that can be used in the following widgets: simple chart, gauge chart, number chart, pie chart, simple table, multiple source table, pivot table, line chart, bar chart, table, and map view.Data collected with the following Survey Platform features can be mapped to CX Dashboards:Data collected with the following Survey Platform features cannot be mapped to CX Dashboards:Widgets Basic Overview (EX)Widgets are where your Dashboard’s pages come to life. Qualtrics has many different widgets that can help you view your data by survey response, key drivers, action planning, and more. For more information on specific widgets, please see the Widget Categories section.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/dashboard-settings-cx/dashboard-data/recoding-values/ : Thank you for your feedback!CX Dashboards allows dashboard editors to recode Text Set, Multi-Answer Text Set, and Number Set data under the Dashboard Settings. Recoding allows you to group data or change how it appears in CX Dashboards widgets – for example, by conveniently shortening how choices are labeled, and changing text to numbers.Qtip: The default Recode Editor appears for the following field configurations:When you’re mapping an open-ended field to a Text Set or Number Set, you will not see the recode editor described above. Instead, you will see two columns.When you’re mapping an open-ended field (such as a Text Entry question or an Embedded Data field) to a Multi-Answer Text Set, you have the option to define a delimiter in the Recode Editor. A delimiter is meant to determine the division between different answers entered into an open-ended field. For example, if you’ve asked respondents to list the names of their children separated by commas, then the delimiter would be a comma.The Recode Editor allows you to import recode values into your mapped fields. This is useful if you have many values you’d like to recode, or if you’re recoding the same field across multiple data sources.One of the most common use cases for recoding values is to group similar choice options together. For example, all NPS questions are rated on a scale from 0-10, and from this scale respondents are grouped into Detractors, Passive, and Promoter customers.Below, we’ll go through the steps of how to implement a similar example.Another use case for recoding values is for cleaning up and consolidating inconsistent data. For example, if some of your values for a single embedded data field are “G” and some are “Gold” and some are “gold,” CX Dashboards will interpret these as 3 different values. You can correct or group these inconsistent values by recoding them all to “Gold.”Alternatively, if your embedded data field had values of “G,” “S,” and “P,” you may want to recode them to be “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Platinum” to make them clearer to users.
When you’ve added multiple sources to your dashboard, there is an additional recode editor that makes mapping the same fields across multiple sources much easier.Using the blue dropdowns, you can choose the field from each source that should correspond to the same dashboard field.Here, you can ensure the recode values are the same for each field being mapped together.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Insert a Downloadable FileSometimes you'll want to attach extra information for your respondents to download — like a consent form, additional reading, or report. By using our insert file feature, you can include a link in your survey that respondents can click to download any file to their device.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/dashboard-settings-cx/text-analysis-cx/ : Thank you for your feedback!Sometimes a study calls for a dashboard that performs more extensive text analysis than a Word Cloud can provide. You may wish to label text responses by topic, or perform analysis on the sentiment (i.e. positive/negative slant) of a comment. With Text iQ in Dashboards, you can perform these analyses and display them in your widgets, just as you would with any other variable.Text iQ can be used in CX Dashboards, brand dashboards, and pulse dashboards. It is not available in any other EmployeeXM dashboards.There are 2 ways to find Text iQ in a dashboard. Regardless of which method you use, each will show the same text analyses you’ve conducted in the dashboard previously.The first option is to go to the settings page of your dashboard, and select the Text tab.The second option is to click the Text iQ button at the top of the page.Before you start performing text analysis, you need to make sure your text entry questions are mapped correctly.In your Dashboard Data Settings, make sure you’ve set your text entry questions to Open Text.If your dashboard has multiple sources mapped to it, it is okay to not have data mapped to the Open Text field for each of your sources.Text iQ has the same capabilities in the Survey Platform as it does in dashboards. Below is a series of links to the Survey Platform pages, complete with step-by-step instructions.When you start performing text analysis in dashboards, the topics and sentiments will map onto your dashboard automatically and be assigned the best field type for their data. These fields include:You can rename these fields as needed. You will not be able to delete them, change the field type, or change the mapping. By default, the field names include the name of the Open Text field being analyzed and the name of the specific text analytics. For example, “Movie Feedback – Sentiment.”To add your text entry question’s topics or sentiments as a source, metric or dimension in a widget, look for the question text with “- Topics” or “- Sentiment” at the end.There are also widgets made especially for text analysis performed in CX Dashboards. See Text iQ Table Widget and Text iQ Bubble Chart Widget.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/sharing-dashboards/sharing-your-dashboard/ : Thank you for your feedback!Now that your dashboard is built, it’s time to let others see your work. Sharing lets you collaborate your visual data with others in your organization and lets them edit your dashboards, if you choose. Dashboards can be shared with anyone who is in your organization and already has a Survey Platform account with permissions to use CX Dashboards. If an individual does not meet these requirements, you cannot grant them access to your dashboard. In this case, a Brand Administrator would need to create an account for the user in order for the individual to get access to your dashboard.Note that you can only share dashboards you own or dashboards you have permission to edit.You can limit which pages of the dashboard users have access to. For example, if you made pages that are only viewable for managers or people belonging to certain roles, you can hide these pages from everyone else.A dashboard can be made public so that anyone can access it using a single link. This means people would not need to have an account and log in to view the dashboard. However, before you pursue this route, there are some important considerations to take into account.If you would like to make a new or existing dashboard public, you will need to purchase implementation services. Please have a Brand Administrator reach out to your Account Executive if you are interested in starting this process.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/sharing-dashboards/setting-data-restrictions/ : Thank you for your feedback!When sharing a dashboard, you can choose to limit data by user or role. Any user or role with whom the dashboard is shared will be able to view the dashboard with the restrictions you choose. These restrictions will apply to all widgets and pages.User attribute data restrictions are commonly used with SSO (Single Sign On) logins to use your already existing hierarchy to limit access to data. For example, an SSO login system could store an attribute called “StoreID” with each user’s store ID. If the store ID is also present in your dashboard data, you could restrict based on the store ID found in the User Attribute. The field and SSO attribute names don’t need to match, but their values do.This is particularly useful when using both User Roles and User Attributes. By sharing with a User Role and then limiting the data by a User Attribute, each user will only see the data that matches their User Attribute. This allows you to share the dashboard with hundreds of individuals with just a few clicks rather than having to collaborate with every user individually. Your users must have User Attributes set in order for this to work.“Allow rollup data” allows users to view all of the aggregate data of that field, but it restricts data filtering to the specified value or values. For example, a data restriction for “Region is West” with “Allow rollup data” checked would allow a user to see the aggregate data across all regions, but the user would only be able to filter to the “West” region.Attention: When “Allow rollup data” is checked for a dashboard field, a filter will not automatically appear on the user’s end. If a filter based on the field is applied to the page, the filter will default to the restricted value, but the user will still be able to select “All” to view aggregate data.If a locked filter based on the data restriction is applied to the page, the filter will default to the restricted value and the user will not have the option to select “All” to view aggregate data.If you have applied permissions to the user’s role or directly to the user, all data they see will be limited to their data restrictions. They will still see that filters have been applied to a page or widget, but the un-editable filters will show in dark gray. The restriction is applied regardless of whether the restricted field is present as a page-level filter or not.If you have allowed users to see multiple values within a set, they will be able to toggle between these values within a filter. Similarly, if there are other values that are dependent on the restricted value (e.g. multiple restaurants within one state), all values that fall beneath the restricted value will be available.An administrator can set data restrictions for dashboard viewers on both an individual level and as part of a role. Throughout this section, we use many examples to show how these restrictions interact. In our examples, we’re giving access to a CX dashboard user analyzing data for a fictional airline.It’s possible to assign multiple data restrictions for the same field. Depending on the method used to restrict data, the data restriction will act differently:It’s possible to restrict data access for multiple fields. Depending on the method used to restrict data, the data restriction will act differently:Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Insert a Downloadable FileSometimes you'll want to attach extra information for your respondents to download — like a consent form, additional reading, or report. By using our insert file feature, you can include a link in your survey that respondents can click to download any file to their device.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/sharing-dashboards/exporting-data-from-vocalize/ : Thank you for your feedback!CX Dashboards allow users to export data for use outside of the dashboard. Data can be exported or emailed in many formats. See each section for the available export types.Qtip: Which of these export and email options your dashboard users have access to are controlled by user and / or role permissions. See how to share dashboards with individuals or with entire roles.Qtip: The dates displayed in dashboard data and the dates used to determine when emails are scheduled correspond to the dashboard’s set time zone.Dashboard exports generally respect the default filters set for the dashboard, unless you have adjusted the filters. The page you export will respect any filters you currently have applied instead of the filters set as the default. If you are exporting multiple pages of the dashboard, only the page you’re currently on will respect filters you currently have applied; otherwise, the additional pages of the export will revert to the default filters for the page.Once you export a  dashboard page, you can leave the page to work elsewhere in Qualtrics, and we will send you a notification when the export is ready. You can then click anywhere on the notification to download the file to your computer.PDF-Exclusive Export OptionsPDF and JPG Export OptionsJPG exports only show the selected dashboard page.CSV and TSV Export OptionsCSV and TSV exports contain data for fields mapped in the dashboard, and are only filtered by role restrictions.PDF and PPTX Export OptionsEmail Dashboard allows you to email static versions of your dashboards to individuals with or without a Qualtrics account. These emails contain the version of your dashboard at the time the email sends.Attention: When a dashboard is emailed to an existing user or role, the dashboard data will reflect the permissions of the recipient.When a dashboard is emailed to a new email without access to the dashboard, the dashboard data will reflect the permissions of the sender.You can have as many recurring emails set up as you desire. Click New Email on the lower-left to add another.You can manage existing recurring emails from the Email Dashboard window. Select an email along the left to edit. You can change any detail you desire. Click Update on the lower-right to save the changes.Click Delete to delete the email and stop it from going out.Export Unique Links in XM Di...Instead of emailing contacts from XM Directory, you can also create a spreadsheet of links for a single contact or for each contact in a mailing list, sample, or segment. Personal links like these allow you to distribute your survey using a method outside of Qualtrics.Insert a Downloadable FileSometimes you'll want to attach extra information for your respondents to download — like a consent form, additional reading, or report. By using our insert file feature, you can include a link in your survey that respondents can click to download any file to their device.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Data Export FormatsAmong your export options, you can choose the file type of your downloaded data. The available file types are:Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/vocalize/widgets/xm-directory-respondent-funnel/ : Thank you for your feedback!XM Directory users can visualize CX program metrics such as email open rate and survey response rate with the use of the Respondent Funnel. The Respondent Funnel allows XM Directory distribution and contact metrics, transactional data, Embedded Data, and even contact import automation failures to be uploaded into CX Dashboards for transparency with all your key stakeholders.Once Respondent Funnels are enabled for a brand, each user who wants to use the feature to build dashboards will have to complete the steps below.Enable the user permission under Contacts called Use Directory Data for Dashboards. Make sure you can also access and manage the directory.Before following these steps, make sure you are in the account you’d like to enable this feature for. If your brand has multiple directories, you must also make sure you are in the desired directory. You can enable the Respondent Funnel for multiple directories, but you must turn it on individually for each directory.Before you can start building a dashboard about your XM Directory, you’ll need to map your funnel data to your dashboard. Your funnel data may be mapped into a dashboard with up to 20 other survey data sources. Note that Respondent Funnel records event data as events occur, and will not update if contact data changes or is deleted in the future. If you delete distributions or contacts, data from these deleted fields will still be present in Respondent Funnel.In order to map your funnel data to the dashboard, follow the steps below.Attention: New distribution events do not immediately appear in the dashboard and may take 24 hours to be included in reports.If you add the respondent funnel to an existing dashboard with a different dataset, you will need to add and map your Respondent Funnel fields manually. For an overview of the fields to map, see Default Fields.If you attempt to use the respondent funnel dashboard template without mapping your fields, you will see the below error message.
To resolve this message, map the missing fields into your dashboard. The fields you need to map are as follows: Before you can report on response rate and completion rate in your dashboard, you will need to add 2 custom metrics.Once a Respondent Funnel is generated, you will automatically be able to report on all data after the feature was enabled for your brand. Loading historical data allows you also to report on data from previous distributions that was collected before the Respondent Funnel was enabled.Many fields will be mapped into your dashboard by default. The Field Type listed here is what fits the field the best; you may need to recode fields somewhat after mapping. See the tables below for all the fields that will be mapped in by default.For Number Sets, the value will be 0 to imply the opposite of the description occurred. Remember Number Sets can be recoded to Text Sets to add more intuitive labelling.If present, name of the automation source file that this transaction was imported from. This is only included for unsuccessfully processed rows. In order to report on transactional data or contact embedded data not included in the default fields, you will need to complete the following steps.You should try to complete this step before users map their Respondent Funnel data, but it’s okay if you don’t. If data has already been mapped, then these fields can be added as new fields to Dashboard Data.Please note that fields added here are not retroactive. The Respondent Funnel can only report on data fields that were configured when a distribution originally sent. If a data field is added here after a distribution has already sent, you will not be able to report on the data field for that distribution. However, you will be able to report on that data field for future distributions.If you enable additional fields before creating your dashboard, your fields will be automatically mapped for you. However, if you add these fields after creating your dashboard, you may need to manually map your fields by following the steps below.After you map your funnel data into a separate dashboard, you can technically build your dashboard however you want. This template is meant to make things easier by providing a complete report with a clean, strategic layout for your data.Dashboard Role Data Restrict...When sharing a dashboard, you can choose to limit data by user or role. Any user or role with whom the dashboard is shared will be able to view the dashboard with the restrictions you choose. These restrictions will apply to all widgets and pages.Results-Reports Basic Overvi...Results-reports are designed to give you a quick and simple visualization of your survey results. Each question in your survey will have a visualization pre-made for it. However, there are many customization options available to you to help you build a report to fit your needs.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/linking-qualtrics-and-salesforce/ : Thank you for your feedback!Before using any features of the Salesforce Extension, you need to connect your Qualtrics account to your Salesforce instance.Your Salesforce instance will be connected to your Qualtrics account in the Workflows tab.In the Workflows tab, you can link each Salesforce task to your Salesforce instance. This allows the flexibility to have some surveys linked to your sandbox, while others are linked to production.The user type you link does not necessarily need to be a System Admin, but there are specific requirements of the user profile you use when linking.User Profile settings:Organization settings:Salesforce credentials are stored in Qualtrics at the account level. That means that Qualtrics always checks the Salesforce credentials of the project owner. If you are setting up the Salesforce Extension and the project was shared with you, either have the project ownership transferred to you or have the project owner link their Qualtrics account to your Salesforce instance. Only the creator of the Salesforce workflow should make any additional edits to the workflow, since any collaborators will be asked to re-authenticate into the Salesforce instance in that workflow.If you run into issues when testing response mapping or triggering and emailing surveys, check to see if the project has been shared at all, and make sure the project owner has linked to the correct Salesforce account.Integrating with Qualtrics S...Integrating with Qualtrics Social Connect enables you to consolidate and analyze all of your digital customer feedback in one place. You can then analyze your data using any Qualtrics analysis method, including Text iQ in a CX dashboard.Retention PoliciesOrganization rules or privacy laws such as GDPR may require you to delete or anonymize collected survey data after a certain period of time. Retention policy allow you to set a brand-wide policy for how long Qualtrics stores survey response data. Every 24 hours, Qualtrics processes survey responses older than the configured threshold. Retention policies are brand-wide policies that determine how long Qualtrics stores survey response or contact data. Each time the policy runs, Qualtrics deletes responses or contacts older than the configured threshold. For response deletion policies, you can also set exceptions allowing for individual surveys to have a different retention period.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/salesforce-integration-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!Integrating your Qualtrics account with Salesforce gives you the ability to trigger a survey from a Salesforce event and send survey response data to Salesforce. Most Qualtrics accounts have access to the Web To Lead feature, which allows you to generate leads in Salesforce from survey responses. The other Salesforce features (Trigger, Email Survey, and Response Mapping) must be added to your Qualtrics license. Check with your Qualtrics Account Executive to see if this is included in your license.Before beginning your project, it’s important to have a functional understanding of Embedded Data in Qualtrics. Once you’re ready to get started, check out the guides below for detailed implementation instructions.Salesforce is an exceptionally powerful platform, and as such there are countless ways to use the extension. Below are some common use cases for how you can take full advantage of the extension, along with pointers on where to get started.Salesforce offers a number of useful ways for managing cases and incidents directly in its interface. In this use case, you can automatically trigger a feedback survey to send to a client when their case is marked as closed, then store the feedback in a related list directly on the contact or account.Salesforce is often used to track when a client makes a purchase, renews a license, or cancels a deal. These changes can be used to automatically trigger a feedback survey.At times, you may want to distribute to an entire list of users at once rather than setting up a transactional distribution system. The information below will help you accomplish these kinds of distributions.This distribution method is great when you want to use a 3rd party Salesforce extension to distribute a survey. It’s also useful in instances where you might want to fill out a survey directly on a contact’s record. For example, if you’re running a verbal interview through a call center, and you can open up a guided interview survey directly from a record in Salesforce. For a guide on how to set this up, check out our Other Salesforce Distribution Methods page.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/triggering-and-emailing-surveys/ : Thank you for your feedback!In the Workflows tab, you can set up tasks to trigger workflows within Qualtrics based on Salesforce Flows. The criteria for the Flow in Salesforce might be an event such as a case being closed or an opportunity being won. Once this Flow is met in Salesforce, Qualtrics can take action, such as updating contact information and sending a survey.In addition, there are other methods of sending surveys as a part of your Salesforce extension. For these additional options, check out our page on Other Salesforce Distribution Methods. Qualtrics can also map survey responses back to Salesforce; for more information, view our Salesforce Response Mapping page.The Salesforce Workflow Rule Event allows you to trigger and email survey invitations to respondents as soon as their corresponding object meets qualifying criteria in Salesforce. This functionality requires setup in both Qualtrics and Salesforce. You will need to set up a Salesforce Flow and Flow Action in Salesforce in addition to setting up the email invite in Qualtrics.Let’s say you have an opportunity in Salesforce that is won and you’d like to include this information in the opportunity’s contact entry in Qualtrics. You can use the Salesforce Workflow Rule event to push changes from Salesforce to Qualtrics. The updated contact information can be saved as embedded data or transactional data. If this is a new contact, the Salesforce Workflow Rule event can also be used to create new contacts within Qualtrics.Information from Salesforce is saved in your contact list, but is not automatically recorded in survey responses. But it is quick and easy to add them if you follow these simple steps:Qtip: Do you want to include Salesforce fields in your email or your survey? Follow the steps above to save these fields as embedded data. Then generate piped text for the embedded data you want to include.To set up your Flow properly, you’ll need to create an Outbound Message in Salesforce.A Flow is a set of criteria created in Salesforce. When the criteria have been met, a workflow can be triggered. For example, the criteria might be that a case is marked as closed, and the workflow would be to have Qualtrics send a support feedback survey.This action tells Salesforce what to do once the Flow criteria is met. For example, the action might be for Qualtrics to send a survey invitation.Once you have set up the Salesforce Flow, Salesforce Action, and XM Directory task, your survey is ready to go. Each time that the Flow criteria is met in Salesforce, the Salesforce data will be passed over into a new Qualtrics contact.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Incomplete Survey ResponsesAfter a respondent starts a survey, they have a certain amount of time allotted for them to complete the survey, regardless of the survey’s activation status or expiration dates. Sometimes, respondents will get partway through a survey before they quit. The Incomplete survey responses survey option allows you to determine whether to record or delete incomplete responses, and after how long.Editing the End of the Surve...When your respondents finish taking your survey, you may need to redirect them to another web page, show them a custom thank you message, or even anonymize their response. You can use the end of survey settings to adjust what will happen when your respondents finish the survey.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/response-mapping/ : Thank you for your feedback!Response Mapping is used to take the answers provided in a Qualtrics survey and map them back to a Salesforce record. For example, when your client takes a support feedback survey, their satisfaction level could be mapped back to Salesforce for the account manager to see.When setting up Response Mapping, you will have the option to create, update, and delete records, in addition to posting to chatter for each survey response.The Insert option allows you to have a new record created in Salesforce each time a response is submitted. This allows respondents to complete the survey multiple times without overriding their previous answers. For more details on how we recommend setting up your Salesforce environment to optimize the data you get from an insert mapping, see our Salesforce Best Practices support page.
In this example, the contact record is not modified, but rather a new Survey Response record is created each time the survey is completed and then tied back to their contact record.The Update option is useful for updating out of date information on an existing contact record. This may be used to track the most recent response to a survey or to keep up to date contact and demographic information.
In this example, the existing contact record is modified to include the client’s latest satisfaction score, as well as their most recent comments.When using Response Mapping to update a Salesforce object, Qualtrics requires that a unique key field be set so that Salesforce can identify which object record to update. For more information on this, check out the section on Setting a Key below.The Upsert feature searches for an existing record of the specified object in Salesforce to update if a record with the specified ID exists in Salesforce. If this record does not exist in Salesforce at the time the workflow is being executed, the integration will create a new record. This is especially useful if you may be surveying existing contacts and potential new leads. Similar to the update option, upserting requires a unique Key.The Delete option is appropriate when you would like to remove certain Salesforce records from an object. Just like when you’re updating a record, a unique Key is required to identify which record in Salesforce to delete.The Post to Chatter option allows you to send a message to a feed in Salesforce. This can be done on a user or object level.Once you have determined the type of mapping you would like to do, check to make sure the appropriate object and its fields are created in Salesforce. Once this is confirmed, you are ready to begin creating the Response Mapping.A Key needs to be included in the Response Mapping when a record is being updated, upserted, or deleted. The Key will identify which existing record needs to be changed. In most situations a Key will be an ID. Common examples include a Contact ID or a Case ID. Chances are your participants won’t know this Salesforce ID, so asking for it in a survey question won’t be practical.How you retrieve the Key will depend on how the survey was distributed.If your survey is distributed using Trigger and Email Survey, the appropriate Key can be saved as Embedded Data in a Contact List. This Key will then be available for mapping.If your survey was distributed using the Qualtrics mailer, the appropriate Key can be uploaded as part of the Contact List. When creating custom fields for your object in Salesforce, one optional field type is a Lookup Field. A Lookup Field is used to connect two objects in Salesforce in a parent-child relationship. When using Response Mapping, a Lookup Field can be used to insert a new record in one object and then connect that newly inserted record to another object, the parent object. For more information, view Create Custom Fields on the Salesforce support site. Once set up in Salesforce, Lookup Fields can be used in Response Mapping.Each type of Salesforce field can only accept data in a specific format. It’s important to know what these types of data are as you set up your Response Mapping. If your mapping is working for the most part, but one or more fields aren’t updating, it’s likely that you’re passing the wrong type of data.This guide also contains suggestions for which question types to pair with each type of field in Salesforce. It’s a good idea to first think about how you want your data to be stored in Salesforce, then to design your survey to match that data. For example, if you want to use a checkbox in Salesforce, consider using a Yes/No multiple choice question in Qualtrics.Lookup Fields can only accept the unique Salesforce Record ID of the record you want to reference. This record ID will usually be stored as Embedded Data, either from a Contact List or from a query string if you’ve set up a custom link in Salesforce.Text fields are extremely flexible in what they will accept. In general, they are best when used with a regular text entry question. When setting up the mapping, map information from your text entry question and select the bottom option from the final dropdown menu.
A checkbox can only be in one of two states – checked or unchecked. To map these respective states, you can use the values below:If you’re using a Yes/No multiple choice question, consider using Selected Choices – Recode Values when creating your mapping and then recoding the values of the answer choices to match the checkbox state you’re looking for. If you’re using a Multiple Choice – Multiple Answer type question, you’ll likely want to use Branch Logic for each possible answer choice in the question, then setting an Embedded Data value equal to one when an answer is selected. From there, select Embedded Data and the name of your Embedded Data field when creating the mapping for each respective checkbox.To map to a picklist, simply map the text of the option you want to select, sent over as a string. For example, if I have a picklist with “Red,” “Green,” and “Blue” in Salesforce, I would map “Red” if I wanted to select Red in the picklist.The best question type to use for a picklist is a Single Answer multiple choice question. For a multi-select picklist in Salesforce, consider using the Multiple Choice – Multiple Answer question type in Qualtrics. To make the setup easier, make sure to match the text of the multiple choice question and the picklist options. When creating the mapping, select Selected Choices when mapping to your picklist.The Date field type will accept a wide range of possible date formats. These include (but aren’t necessarily limited to):The most common use case for mapping a date is recording the last time a participant completed a survey. To record this, consider adding a DateCompleted Embedded Data field to the end of your Survey Flow and use our Piped Text menu to insert one of the date formats listed above. When setting up the Response Mapping, select your date field followed by Embedded Data equal to DateCompleted.If you want to capture the date that a survey was sent, consider adding a Flow action that updates a field on the object with the date the Flow was triggered.Response Mapping involves saving survey responses to fields of a Salesforce record. While having each question saved to Salesforce opens up dashboarding and reporting possibilities, in some situations it may be preferable to keep the response data in Qualtrics and simply map a link to the response into Salesforce.
In this example, a link to the survey response is mapped to Salesforce and the link is clickable.After setting up a response mapping task, the ID of the newly created or modified object can be referenced in subsequent tasks. This allows you to set up a series of consecutive mappings of Salesforce objects.The Salesforce task can also be chained to any other task which supports chaining. See Passing Information from One Task to Another for more details.When a Response in Progress is closed (either manually by a user, or automatically by Incomplete survey response settings), the data moves into Recorded Responses. Whether this response triggers a Response Mapping or not depends on whether there is a condition applied to the mapping.For more information on using logic to set up conditions, check out the page on using conditional logic.To quickly ascertain and troubleshoot the field that is causing a mapping to fail, check the Workflows Reporting tab for that survey. This feature offers in-platform error logs that display the values being passed into each Salesforce field as well as the reason for the failure. Alternatively, you can set a Debug Email in your Response Mapping settings in Qualtrics. After Response Mapping runs, a Debug Email will send that confirms the mapping was successful, or explains why the attempt failed. You can also view individual fields and what Qualtrics is passing in the Debug Email, which may explain why the mapping isn’t behaving as expected.There are several possible causes for why a mapping will fail entirely (i.e., no fields are updated or no record is created, to name a few). Below are a few things to check when nothing is mapping:Some Salesforce objects require specific formats for certain fields. For example, a “Satisfaction Level” field may only accept a number 1 through 10. If you map the words “Extremely Satisfied” instead of a number 1 through 10, this field would not update correctly. See Mapping to Common Salesforce Fields for help in what you should be mapping.
It’s also possible that you don’t have permission to edit the fields you’re trying to map to. Check with your Salesforce Administrator to ensure you the necessary field-level permissions.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Creating & Editing Ques...Creating and editing questions in a 360 survey works the same way as it does in the Survey Platform. The main difference is that there are fewer question types available for 360 surveys than there are for standard Qualtrics surveys. Visit the Question Types page for more information on the available question types.Dynamics Response Mapping &#...The Microsoft Dynamics task lets you link up your account to a Qualtrics survey for both response mapping and web to lead capabilities. You get to customize the fields you bring from the Qualtrics survey over to Microsoft, so you can highlight key information when establishing records or capturing leads.Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/web-to-lead/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Salesforce Web to Lead feature allows you to insert information from your Qualtrics survey into the lead object of your Salesforce instance. Conditions can be set using advanced logic to identify specifically which respondents will be saved into Salesforce and which ones will not.Click Preview to test the setup of your Salesforce Web to Lead feature in Qualtrics. Once the survey is completed, you’ll receive a Debug Email indicating whether or not the Web to Lead was successful. You should also check your Salesforce instance for verification that the lead has been saved. Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/salesforce-app/salesforce-app-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Qualtrics App on the Salesforce AppExchange (also known as the Salesforce App) provides added functionality to the Qualtrics-Salesforce extension by enabling users to send relational surveys to many Leads, Contacts, or entire Campaigns at once from within the Salesforce environment. The app is not a replacement for the basic extension, but rather offers additional functionality on top of the original tools. It can be useful to use the Salesforce App for distributing surveys and then use the basic extension to perform Response Mapping back to Salesforce.Before using the Salesforce App, you will need the following:The Salesforce App adds several features that are not available in the basic Salesforce Extension. For comparison purposes, the capabilities of both the basic extension and the additional features added by the Salesforce App are summarized below.The basic extension is used for sending out transactional surveys and mapping responses back to Salesforce. This is useful when you want to send a single survey based on an event in Salesforce, such as renewing an account license or closing a Case. The basic Salesforce extension includes the following:The Salesforce App is used for sending out large-scale relational surveys. This is useful when you want to send a survey to many Leads or Contacts at once. When using the app, you have access to the features of the basic extension, as well as the following capabilities:Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/more-salesforce-integration/other-salesforce-distribution-methods/ : Thank you for your feedback!The most commonly used method for distributing Salesforce integrated surveys is with Trigger and Email Survey. However, there are many cases where you may need an alternative way to distribute your survey. Below are some examples of what else you can use to distribute surveys with Salesforce.In some cases, you may only need to distribute one large email blast rather than many small transactional distributions. In those instances, distributing through the Qualtrics Mailer may be a good solution for you. Use the steps below to ensure your distribution will work well with your Salesforce extension.You may also find it useful to create a link to your survey directly inside Salesforce. This link can easily be set up to dynamically pass information from any given record into a Qualtrics survey. This can be useful in several cases:This is fairly simple to accomplish using a Formula Field in Salesforce, the Concatenate function in the Salesforce formula field editor, and query strings at the end of your survey URL. In the examples below, we’ll focus primarily on using the Contact and Account objects, but the principle applies to any of your Salesforce objects (default or custom).When building out your response mapping, you’ll want to be mindful of which fields you have passed through your URL. In the example link above, the link passed the ID of the contact record, but it also sent the ID of its parent account. This means that you can update the contact, the parent account, or both. You can also create new survey response records that are related to both the contact and it’s parent account.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Migrating from Distribution ...Qualtrics is deprecating Distribution Reporting to replace it with the XM Directory Respondent Funnel. Respondent Funnel is easier to set up, supports more contact fields, and is designed to be more reliable and scalable by allowing XM Directory metrics, transactional data, Embedded Data, and even automation run status to be uploaded into CX Dashboards for transparency with all your key stakeholders.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/salesforce-integration/more-salesforce-integration/salesforce-best-practices/ : Thank you for your feedback!In setting up any new automated system, planning is essential to making sure you can get the most out of it. This page offers suggestions for setting up your Salesforce environment and managing your surveys for maximum effect. Please note that the survey owner should be the one setting up the Salesforce extension.When working in Salesforce, properly managing data is essential. Here are a few tips for how to get the most out of your survey data. By following these steps, you can keep historical survey responses, relate them to each relevant record, and be ready to aggregate your survey data in your Salesforce reports.If you are working with several integrated surveys, it may not make sense to have one static Survey Response object. Here are a few suggestions for how to manage this:Most organizations use a Sandbox environment in Salesforce to test out new systems prior to going live. As we talk about in our page on switching Salesforce environments, it can be useful to have one Qualtrics account connected to the Sandbox, and one (or more) connected with your live environment. When you’re done testing a survey in the sandbox and you’re ready to go live, the steps below will help you move it over:Now that you have set up your Salesforce workflow in your Qualtrics account, there are certain features of the Salesforce extension to be aware of. The Salesforce extension in Qualtrics:By default, the Qualtrics opt-out link will only unsubscribe respondents from their Qualtrics mailing list. This creates a problem where Salesforce doesn’t receive notice of the opt-out, meaning respondents could be sent additional surveys via Salesforce despite having opted-out of communications.The solution is to create an “opt-out survey” using an anonymous link that will unsubscribe the contact from Salesforce and Qualtrics. The way we do this is by replacing the default Qualtrics opt-out link with a custom “opt-out” link containing two query strings attached: the Salesforce Contact ID and the Qualtrics opt-out link. Follow the steps below to complete this setup.Now, when a respondent clicks the opt-out link on your invitation, they will be sent to your opt-out survey. Once their opt-out response is recorded, they’ll be automatically opted-out in Salesforce and the corresponding Qualtrics contact list. Please note that the original survey invitation link will still be valid, meaning the respondent can still submit a survey response. However, they will remain opted-out of your contact lists.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/tableau-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Qualtrics-Tableau extension enables organizations to connect their desktop and server Tableau products directly to Qualtrics to gather and view data in real-time.To use the Qualtrics extension with Tableau, verify that your license has the Tableau Integration and Access API permissions enabled. If you are not sure if you have the proper permissions, contact your Brand Administrator. If you are a Brand Administrator would like more information about the Tableau extension, contact your Qualtrics Account Executive.Please note that you need to be using Tableau 9.1 or above for the extension.You will use your Qualtrics username and password to log in. To find your username, navigate to Account Settings and your username will be listed under Recent Logins in the User column.If you are a SSO (Single Sign On) user, you will need to log in using your API token. See Generating an API Token for more information on how to find your token.In order to get the most out of your data that is imported into Tableau, it is important to understand the Transpose feature. Transposing a field will group it based off of the selected options from the Transpose options menu. All transposed fields will be combined and displayed as the selected Transpose options at the top of your data list in Tableau. Fields that are not transposed will be listed below those that have been transposed and grouped by question number.A general rule of thumb is to transpose numerical data, and leave categorical data untransposed. For example, suppose you collect demographic information on an NPS survey. You would be interested in transposing the NPS values so you can see numerical counts of each NPS score. You would then leave the demographic questions untransposed so you can see each NPS score broken out by demographic.On the Transpose options menu, some of the data types are labeled differently than within Qualtrics. Here is a list of what they are called in Tableau and the corresponding name within Qualtrics:Tableau LabelQualtrics EquivalentWebsite / App Feedback Techn...Qualtrics Website / App Feedback helps organizations measure and enhance the experience a web visitor has within their digital media. Present cool graphics on your website with links and embedded surveys to get feedback on your visitors' experience, let them know about your latest deals and promotions, and more!Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/marketo-integration/marketo-integration-overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Marketo extension allows you to quickly and easily generate links in Qualtrics and immediately assign them to leads from a static or smart list in Marketo. Once the extension is set up, you can see your Marketo lists from within Qualtrics and choose to generate unique links for each contact inside a given list. Each generated link is immediately stored in a Marketo Lead Field. From within the Marketo platform, you can insert a token into your email campaign to assign personalized survey links to each unique lead.Before you begin the extension, you’ll need to meet two requirements:If you don’t meet either of these requirements, reach out to your Brand Administrator or Qualtrics Account Executive.To set up the extension, you’ll need to create an API-only user role, add a new service, and enter several Marketo IDs into your Qualtrics account. These processes are detailed below.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/marketo-integration/using-the-marketo-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Once your Marketo account has been integrated with Qualtrics, you’ll need to create a custom Lead Field in Marketo to store your unique survey links. After you’ve made the Lead Field, you can generate unique Qualtrics links and have them stored in your new Lead Field. These unique survey links can then be used in your Marketo program.Qtip: Once you’ve generated unique links for your list, you can prevent your Lead Field from being updated by selecting Block Field Updates in Marketo.You can generate links for both static lists and smart lists!After clicking Generate Links, you will find that the Marketo Lead Field you selected earlier now contains unique Qualtrics survey links for each contact in your Marketo list. Furthermore, a new mailing list will be created in the XM Directory containing each of your Marketo contacts as well as any Embedded Data fields you selected when generating the links.Configuring Conjoint Questio...Conjoint analysis is dependent on properly setting up the features and levels into coherent questions respondents can easily choose between. From this tool, you will also be defining exclusions, choosing the format of the conjoint questions' presentation, and more.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/marketo-integration/custom-activities-in-marketo/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Markto task allows you to pass data from Qualtrics to Marketo. You can use this data to create or update a Marketo Lead, or create one or more Marketo activities. Custom activities can be used inside Marketo to filter data or create triggers. When setting up this task, you can select one of three options:There are a few actions will you have to take in your Marketo account before you can use this extension.See the Marketo Extension Overview for more on setting your Marketo account.Once you have gotten your Marketo account ready, it’s time to begin setting up the Marketo task in Qualtrics. This section will cover the initial setup for connecting a Marketo account and selecting your desired task in Marketo.Linking a single activity will create one Marketo activity for every survey response a lead takes. With this option, you can pick and choose which response fields you want to pass to Marketo as attributes for the activity.If you link multiple Marketo activities to an event in Qualtrics, every data point connected to a response will count as a new activity. This includes all question fields and embedded data connected to the response.Creating or updating a lead in Marketo allows you to take Qualtrics event data, like a survey response, and create a new lead in Marketo with this information or update the lead with new information. As part of a successful create or update, the lead ID will then be returned which can be used with the Create a Marketo activity or Create multiple Marketo activities task.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/adobe-analytics-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Adobe Analytics is a powerful tool that reports on web visitor data such as page views, time spent on a page, user’s tracking history, and more. The extension between Qualtrics and Adobe Analytics provides the ability to augment data you have stored for website visitors with data collected through a Qualtrics survey – for example, by passing satisfaction data collected in Qualtrics over to Adobe, you can create reports on the difference in web behavior between deeply satisfied and not-so-satisfied customers. Additionally, you are able to integrate Website Feedback with Adobe Analytics to base visitor-targeting logic on your Adobe Analytics variables and pass variable values over to Qualtrics datasets.Use Adobe Analytics data to determine when you present certain creatives to your website visitors. This section shows how to create action set logic and intercept logic based on Adobe Analytics variables.Qtip: Clicking Add Intercept Display Logic adds the logic to the entire Intercept, so you don’t have to add the logic to each individual action set.Qtip: For a guide on Adobe Analytics’ variables, see the following documentation:Embedded data can capture the values of Adobe Analytics variables from your site and add them to your Qualtrics dataset.Once this is set up, you will have a field in your survey data that stores the information captured from the Intercept. You can use this field when reporting within Qualtrics and it will be present when you export your survey’s data.The extension between Adobe Analytics and the Qualtrics Survey Platform allows the ability to pass survey data collected by Qualtrics directly to your Adobe Analytics instance.You will need to add conversion classifications to your list variable in your Adobe report suite in order to correctly pull in Qualtrics response data.You will need to provide the following credentials to allow Qualtrics to authenticate to Adobe Analytics report suite. These credentials will be used within Qualtrics when you set up your Adobe workflows and create an account to interact with Adobe Analytics.To obtain the credentials, follow these steps in Adobe Analytics:If you don’t already have authentication secrets, follow these steps to create them. Visit Adobe’s support documentation for more information.If you are creating a new survey and intercept to pass data to Adobe, you will need to add embedded data to both your survey and the intercept. Once this embedded data is added, you should be able to successfully set up Adobe workflows using the survey you made.If you are creating an intercept using a guided setup:If you are creating an intercept using a non-guided setup:Once embedded data has been set up in your intercept, follow these steps to add it to your survey:There are a couple of common errors that can take place with the Qualtrics-Adobe Analytics extension. Consider the below tips if you run into an issue.In general, it takes about 24 hours for data to appear in the Adobe Analytics platform. This means that even if you have turned on the extension for one of your surveys, you will not see any results populated in the Adobe Analytics platform for at least a day. The survey results you have collected with Qualtrics will appear within the Qualtrics interface immediately.The Qualtrics-Adobe Analytics extension passes survey response information over to Adobe Analytics in the form of a list variable. However, only specific kinds of data are passed:Ensure you are following the below steps to pass embedded data into Adobe:Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/adobe-analytics-migration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Qualtrics Website Feedback currently supports a 2-way extension with Adobe Analytics, which allows for both the targeting of intercepts based on Adobe Analytics variables, as well as the exchange of Qualtrics data back to Adobe.The extension for sending Qualtrics data back to Adobe is currently based on Adobe data connector technology. Adobe has announced an end-of-life of the data connector technology for extensions, effective August 1st, 2021. While new data connectors cannot be created after August 1st, existing data connectors will continue to function through at least December 31st. This will only affect surveys that are currently sending Qualtrics data to Adobe. This will not affect any integrations capturing Adobe data from websites into Qualtrics.Qualtrics has developed a new Adobe Analytics extension using workflows, which contains two new tasks that will send Qualtrics data back to Adobe:As part of the migration, Qualtrics will auto-create the above workflows for each survey that is currently enabled for Adobe Analytics data sync and has Adobe responses. Users will only have to configure a small set of fields, such as Adobe authentication information and IDs.As part of the migration, Qualtrics has automatically created two new Adobe workflows for all existing surveys that are currently using a data connector to send response data to Adobe. Users will need to enter their Adobe authentication information for these workflows to be enabled. Until this authentication information is entered, the Workflows page will display incomplete workflows.To activate the new Adobe analytics integration, you will need to activate both of the new workflows generated by Qualtrics.Once you have activated the new workflows for sending Qualtrics data to Adobe, you will need to remove your old Adobe data connectors.You will need to provide your Adobe credentials to allow Qualtrics to authenticate to Adobe Analytics report suite. This is necessary when activating your new Adobe Analytics workflows.You will need to provide the following credentials within Qualtrics when you set up your Adobe workflows and create an account to interact with Adobe Analytics.If you don’t already have authentication secrets, follow these steps to create them. Visit Adobe’s support documentation for more information.Step 3: Customizing Your Opt...Not all 360 surveys are the same, so different options are needed to cater to the project’s goals. These are determined before the project kicks off and configured in the Options section of the Participants tab. Before setting these options, the key questions to ask yourself are:Adding & Removing Parti...You can add participants for your Employee Engagement or Lifecycle project in the Participants section of the Participants tab. You can add these participants in large batches with a CSV/TSV made in Excel, or you can manually enter in information for just a few at a time. During this process, you can also include additional information called metadata for your participants that will later help you build hierarchies (EE) and organize data on your dashboards.Response EditingPerhaps you’d like to remove profanity, spelling errors, or sensitive information from a respondent’s text entry response. Maybe a respondent told you they answered 1 or 2 questions incorrectly before they submitted their response. Response editing allows you to revise survey responses right inside the Data & Analysis tab. Qualtrics will even maintain the original data so you can revert back to the original responses any time.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/api-integration/overview/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Qualtrics API can be used to automate repetitive processes inside of Qualtrics or to pass information in and out of Qualtrics. For example, a Brand Administrator can use the Qualtrics API to automate the account creation process rather than create hundreds of accounts individually. Similarly, a user can automate contact list creation rather than manually compile and import contact lists. Qualtrics also has various API Solution Guides that can help you determine how best to use API for your needs.Qualtrics has a variety of different products that allow you to gather actionable data in real time. Some of these products include the Survey Platform, Site Intercept, and XM Directory (Target Audience). Once you’ve purchased the Qualtrics API feature, you’ll be able to use the API for any products that are a part of your license.Here are links to the documentation for the latest version of the API for each of our products:Please note that we always recommend that our clients use the latest version of the API.The Qualtrics v3 API is a REST API  that allows you to communicate or query our system using a simple URL syntax. Communicating with the Qualtrics system can be thought of as a sequence of requests. You can request information to be sent to Qualtrics, updated, removed, or returned to your system. These requests can be made by either GET, POST, PUT, or DELETE requests, which return JSON responses.Through these means, the Qualtrics API allows you to interact with parts of the Qualtrics system and integrate these areas with your CRM.Parameters are the building blocks for your requests. Each API request requires several global parameters to be passed to Qualtrics, as well as more request-specific parameters and a few optional ones.You will always need to pass the API token through the header of the request as X-API-TOKEN. Depending on the specific request being run, you may need to pass other parameters through the header, through the URL, or through the body of the request. When passing parameters through the body, you need to send the parameters as JSON. When using this method, you must specify a Content-Type (i.e., application/json or multipart/form-data).Example: In the following POST example, in cURL we specify the Base URL, the Content-Type, and the Token in the header. The Survey ID and format of export are specified in the body.An API token will be required to access the Qualtrics API. Each user in a license must generate their own API token. Your account’s API token is required to authenticate each API request you create. Your token is used in place of your account’s password and helps enhance the security of your work. To authenticate, include your token under the HTTPS header X-API-TOKEN.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/ms-dynamics/dynamics-response-mapping-web-to-lead/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Microsoft Dynamics task lets you link up your account to a Qualtrics survey for both response mapping and web to lead capabilities. You get to customize the fields you bring from the Qualtrics survey over to Microsoft, so you can highlight key information when establishing records or capturing leads.You can perform both response mapping and web to lead with the Microsoft Dynamics task.Response mapping is used to take the answers provided in a Qualtrics survey and map them back to Microsoft Dynamics 365. For example, when your client takes a support feedback survey, their satisfaction level could be mapped back to Microsoft Dynamics 365 for the account manager to see.Web to lead is a specific response mapping use case. Web to lead allows you to insert information from a Qualtrics survey to a lead field in Microsoft Dynamics. For example, you could have a survey for prospective customers to fill out that is then mapped back to a new lead in Microsoft Dynamics for your sales team to pursue.Export Unique Links in XM Di...Instead of emailing contacts from XM Directory, you can also create a spreadsheet of links for a single contact or for each contact in a mailing list, sample, or segment. Personal links like these allow you to distribute your survey using a method outside of Qualtrics.Return to Work Pulse 2.0 (EX...The Return to Work Pulse helps you quickly understand how and when your employees can confidently return to the workplace. Whether teams have been working from home, staying off site due to temporary business closures, or staying home due to health concerns, the Return to Work Pulse helps HR, Operations, IT and Leadership teams address each employee's unique needs to make a safe and positive transition back.Retake Survey Link (EX)Retake survey links allow you or your participant to go back into an EmployeeXM survey response and edit it after it has been submitted. This is useful if a respondent mistakenly answered a question or if the participant's incomplete response was closed because of inactivity but they would like to finish the survey.Spotlight Insights (EX)After running an Employee Experience project and collecting all your data, it can sometimes be overwhelming to determine where your company should focus its efforts. With spotlight insights, Qualtrics can help you identify the most promising areas of improvement. Simply choose what metrics, demographic breakouts, and comparisons you want to run, and Qualtrics will provide you a straightforward report highlighting key experience gaps.Return to Work PulseQualtrics Return to Work Pulse is for HR and Operations teams who support employees in any industry or organizational size. This guided solution supports leaders who are determining when and how they can reopen based on data from their workforce.CSV & TSV Upload IssuesWhile CSV files can use either UTF-8 or ASCII encoding, Qualtrics only supports CSV with UTF-8 encoding and TSV. This discrepancy between encoding can sometimes cause issues when importing or exporting data from CSV / TSV files into Qualtrics.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-module/zendesk-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!Zendesk events allow you to begin a workflow in Qualtrics based on events in Zendesk. This includes when a ticket requester or assignee is changed, or when a ticket field is modified. You can then use the data passed from Zendesk in subsequent workflow tasks.When setting up your Zendesk event, you can set conditions that determine when the event triggers. These conditions are represent conditions within Zendesk.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/zendesk-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Workflows triggered in Qualtrics can create Zendesk tickets. Maybe you’re interested in flagging low NPS ratings to your Customer Success team; maybe you want to build a Qualtrics survey where people can reach out to your support team. You can do all this and more by using the Workflows tab of your survey.This extension is with Zendesk Support. We currently do not integrate with Zendesk Chat, Zendesk Talk, or Zendesk Sell.OAuth connections allow users to connect their Qualtrics account to other instanced platforms, such as Zendesk.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/servicenow-events/ : Thank you for your feedback!The ServiceNow event allows you to begin workflows in Qualtrics based on when a record is updated or inserted in ServiceNow. For example, an IT ticket is closed which updates a record in ServiceNow, beginning a workflow in Qualtrics to send a feedback survey to the employee who filed the original ticket.Attention: In order to set up a new ServiceNow event, you must have sufficient ServiceNow permissions set up. Otherwise, when saving the event, you will receive an error message (sys_rest_message, sys_rest_message_headers, sys_rest_message_fn, and/or sys_script), and the event will not be created. You will need permissions to both read and write within ServiceNow tables. Please contact your ServiceNow administrator if you are unsure whether you have these permissions or require additional permissions to set up a Qualtrics ServiceNow event.Attention: The creator of the workflow must have access to the ServiceNow credentials used in the ServiceNow task for the workflow to run properly.When using a ServiceNow event to start your workflow, you can base your workflow conditions on the following:
Sometimes, you may want to create additional ServiceNow administrators within Qualtrics. By granting Qualtrics users additional permissions, you can allow them to help run the ServiceNow instance at your organization.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/servicenow-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Workflows in Qualtrics can create incidents in ServiceNow, or update existing ones. For example, you may want to create a ServiceNow incident whenever a negative NPS score comes through a Qualtrics survey. You can also update a client’s information in a ServiceNow incident if they respond to a survey in Qualtrics where they provide new contact information.If you selected Create Record as your task, you will be creating a new record in ServiceNow.If you selected Update Record as your task, you will be updating an existing record in ServiceNow.OAuth connections allow users to connect their Qualtrics account to other instanced platforms, such as Servicenow.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/iq-directory/directory-contacts-tab/embedding-xm-directory-profile-cards-in-servicenow/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can embed information about individual XM Directory contacts on your ServiceNow page. Each contact’s profile card displays 3 metrics (CSAT, NPS, and CES), all the segments the contact belongs to, and the 3 latest transactions or touchpoints they’ve had.The profile card can be useful if you’re a frontline representative, such as technical support or customer success, who would like to view key customer information in ServiceNow.To embed the Qualtrics profile card in ServiceNow, you must install the Qualtrics application from the ServiceNow store.Before users can see data from Qualtrics inside ServiceNow, a form of authentication needs to be set up. While other Qualtrics functionality supports 2 forms of authentication, the XM Directory Profile Card only supports one: personal authentication. That means each user in ServiceNow will connect to their own Qualtrics account before viewing data.See the Installation Guide on the Qualtrics embedded insights ServiceNow store page for details on how to set personal authentication up.
ServiceNow users will need to connect their Qualtrics account to start viewing Qualtrics contact data.When you go to view the profile card in ServiceNow for the first time, instead of contact data, you’ll see a button that says Connect Qualtrics Account. Click this button, then log into your Qualtrics account.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/twilio-segment/twilio-segment-event/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Twilio Segment event allows you to integrate Qualtrics with Twilio Segment for sending data to Qualtrics based on events in Twilio Segment. The Twilio Segment event supports 3 main use cases:To use the Twilio Segment event, you must complete a setup within both Twilio Segment and Qualtrics. You must add Qualtrics as a webhook destination within your Twilio Segment instance. This section will cover setting up the initial integration with Twilio Segment.To set up the connection, you will need the following Qualtrics IDs:The Twilio Segment event allows you to update contacts in XM Directory based on changes to your data in Twilio Segment.The Twilio Segment event allows you to add transaction data to existing contacts in your XM Directory. If the contact does not yet exist in your directory, it will be created. The transaction data will be saved to the newly created contact.The Twilio Segment event allows you to begin a workflow in Qualtrics based on data events in Twilio Segment.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/twilio-segment/twilio-segment-task/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Twilio Segment task allows you to send Qualtrics data to the Twilio Segment customer data platform, enabling you to keep your customer information up to data in a singular place.To use the Twilio Segment task, you must connect your Twilio Segment workspace to Qualtrics. You will need to create a Token within Twilio Segment to connect your account.Importing Custom TopicsWith the Sensitive Data Policy feature, you can import custom topics you want to be flagged when users in your brand are building surveys, when users collect data, and when respondents are providing answers to a survey. This page describes how to format a JSON file to successfully import these topics.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Adding, Importing, & Ex...In the Users section of the User Admin tab, you can either upload users in bulk using a file or by manually typing their information into a form. You can also export a list of your users for use in another dashboard or for use in external records you may keep.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/hubspot-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!You can create or update deals and contacts in HubSpot based on events in Qualtrics. That way you can integrate your Qualtrics Experience Management systems with incoming sales opportunities. For example, a Qualtrics survey where respondents fill out contact information can create new contacts in HubSpot, and a survey you send to interested parties upon the close of a deal can create a deal in HubSpot as soon as the response is submitted.The Companies task allows you to create a new company or update an existing company in HubSpot using Qualtrics data.The Contact Subscriptions task allows you to subscribe or unsubscribe a contact from a subscription in HubSpot, or get a HubSpot contact’s subscription status.The Contacts task allows you to create a new contact or update an existing contact in HubSpot using Qualtrics data, or get the properties of a HubSpot contact.The Custom Objects task allows you to create a new custom object or update an existing custom object in HubSpot using Qualtrics data.The Deals task allows you to create a new deal or update an existing deal in HubSpot using Qualtrics data.The Tickets task allows you to create a new ticket or update an existing ticket in HubSpot using Qualtrics data.Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/zapier-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Like many developers, Qualtrics has an app available for making “zaps” in Zapier. Zapier is a powerful software that allows you to connect to thousands of other apps, including Google sheets, Facebook, Quickbook, MailChimp, and more. Think of Zapier as a middle-man between Qualtrics and all the incredible software Zapier can connect with.If you have purchased access to the Zapier extension, your XM Success Manager, Implementation specialist, or other Qualtrics representative will send you a link inviting you to use the Qualtrics App on Zapier.There is currently one Qualtrics event that can act as a trigger in Zapier: the submission of a survey response.If you are curious about survey-building, check out our support pages on the Survey Platform, such as:Zapier can currently complete three kinds of actions through the Qualtrics app:Click on the name of an action above to learn how the feature works in Qualtrics, independent of Zapier.Another way to connect Qualtrics and Zapier is to set up a webhook connection. There are a few reasons you may want to try this method instead, including:If you’d like to try connecting with webhooks, follow the steps below.If you need additional help with Zapier functionality, contact Zapier’s support team. If you need help with Qualtrics-specific functions, such as survey creation, search our Support Site, or contact the Qualtrics Support Team.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/freshworks-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Events triggered in Qualtrics can create Freshdesk tickets. Maybe you’re interested in flagging low CSAT ratings to your managers; maybe you want to build a Qualtrics survey explicitly for product bug escalations that creates Freshdesk tickets. You can do all this and more by using the Workflows tab of your survey. Workflows in Online Reputati...A preview is not available for this post.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/jira-integration/ : Thank you for your feedback!Qualtrics allows you to create or update issues in Jira based on events that happen in Qualtrics. For example, whenever a customer submits a negative product rating to your feedback survey, you can create a Jira issue based on it.Before you let users on the brand use the Jira task, you can specify a Jira account that can be used brand-wide. Go to the Extensions tab of the Admin page, and select Jira to get started.Once credentials are added here, anyone in the brand who has access to the Jira Task can use these credentials to create or update issues in that Jira account.If you do not add brand-wide credentials, users creating Jira tasks will still have the opportunity to add their own Jira account, which will only be available to them.Required fields are marked with a red asterisk ( * ). If you do not fill out a required field, you cannot create the Jira task.After the required fields are filled out, you can add any fields you want to the issue. Additional fields you can map vary by instance and project. Examples of common fields provided by Jira include:Click Save to finish setting up your Jira task.Jira EventJira events allow you to begin a workflow in Qualtrics based on changes to Jira issues. For example, you could build a Jira event that distributes a survey whenever a Jira issue has closed.Guided Action Planning (EX)Guided action planning allows you to close the loop with employee feedback, giving every leader and manager the power to drive impact in areas employees care about most. Admins can give managers best practice guidance and recommended actions specific to each focus area so they can create action plans. Furthermore, you can embed your own culture-specific content in any EX project, or leverage Qualtrics best practices content in the guided XM Employee Engagement Solution to associate with each recommended action.Action Set Options MenuWhen editing your intercept, every action set has an Options button. This page will explain how each one can impact your intercept.Action Set Advanced OptionsYou can find Advanced Options for any intercept action by clicking Options on the top right of the action set.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Step /2
                    
https://www.qualtrics.com/support/integrations/developer-portal/ : Thank you for your feedback!The Developer Portal is a place where software developers can build custom integrations and apps between third party software and Qualtrics. You can use the Qualtrics APIs or the Extension SDK to build your extensions. You can also build custom reporting widgets.If your organization uses SSO to log on (e.g., when logging into Qualtrics, you are redirected to your company’s login portal), you should click Sign in with SSO at the bottom instead. See the Logging in with your Organization ID page for more details.The Extensions section is where you’ll manage your custom extensions and applications. Here, you’ll see the different versions of your app, add other developers to work on the app, and share the app with other Qualtrics brands so they can use the app.On the left hand side of the Extension tab is a list of your extensions. Click on an extension to see more details.Once you’ve selected an app, the General section will show you basic information about the Extension.The Teams section shows which users are working on your app.The table below displays the actions each role can take:The Share section allows you to share the extension with specific Qualtrics brands so they can use your app.Qtip:If you share your extension with an organization that doesn’t have a Brand Administrator, it will be marked as being in Preview, and made available for installation by every administrator in the organization.Before the user installs the extension, they’ll be warned that the extension hasn’t been officially certified by Qualtrics.The Versions section contains a log of each version of your app. You can view the app version number, when the version was submitted, who submitted the version, and any notes about the app. From this section, you can also upload a new version of your app.Within the Developer Portal you can build custom reporting widget plugins that can be added to any Qualtrics dashboard.Once a widget is created, it can be added to a dashboard through the Add Widget menu. Any custom widgets available within your brand will be visible in the Plugins section of the widget menu.At the top of the Developer Portal are links to various resources for helping you build your custom integrations and apps.The Documentation link will bring you to the official documentation for building your custom extensions. This documentation should be your go-to place for learning how to build your apps using the Qualtrics APIs and SDKs. Use the table of contents on the left hand side of the page to navigate between help pages. Use the search bar at the top of the table of contents to search for a specific topic or page.
The best way to get support with the Developer Portal is to use the Feedback & Support intercept within the portal. You can use this intercept to:Apply for our Developer Advisory Program to be informed about XM Extension updates, new integration capabilities, and best practices.Experience Design for Workpl...The Experience Design for Workplaces: Hybrid XM Solution supports leaders who are determining the development and implementation of location and flexible work policies. With this XM Solution, organizations can quickly understand what employees want in a hybrid model, including desired flexibility options and the impact of remote work on productivity and wellbeing.Employee Journey Analytics O...Employee Journey Analytics is a project type that allows you to combine existing employee data from multiple projects into a single dataset that can be analyzed. With this dataset you can run analyses across your EX programs to understand how key moments of the employee experience relate to employee engagement, wellbeing, attrition risk, and other key measurements. With an Employee Journey Analytics project you can investigate questions such as:Supply Continuity Pulse XM S...The Supply Continuity Pulse is designed by research methodology experts to help business leaders prepare and plan for supply disruptions due to remote and furloughed work forces. Validate Business Continuity and Recovery Plans (BCP) and understand current and future risk exposure.Digital XM Solution for Comm...The Digital XM Solution for Commerce provides you pre-built surveys, digital intercepts, and dashboards designed by experts to help you quickly launch your digital customer experience program. This pre-built Digital CX program uses best practices to help you understand customer needs and preferences, leading to insights that can improve customer conversion and retention.EX25 XM SolutionThe EX25 XM Solution is a pre-built foundational engagement program that allows you to holistically measure employee sentiment and feedback to drive continuous action and improvement across the employee experience.Managing Custom SolutionsXM Solutions guide users through the creation of a project with premade content. Custom XM Solutions are made specifically to meet the needs of your organization, and are locked so that users can’t make changes to the survey or reports.Step /2
                    